[01:00] <ochosi> knome: for tomorrow's meeting, it'd be nice if gtk-theme-config (shimmer-ppa) could be looked at, and testing for the new display-dialog, thunar1.6.x and mousepad 0.3 (all three from the xfce4.12 ppa) could be scheduled in terms of including it in R. thanks!
[01:00] <ochosi> (as i mentioned previously i won't be able to attend tomorrow due to a worktrip)
[01:07] <mr_pouit> I didn't include the new display settings in raring because it's a dev release, but all other things are already in raring
[01:07] <ochosi> oh
[01:07] <ochosi> and hi! :)
[01:08] <ochosi> well still, imo we should get it in
[01:08] <ochosi> it's too nice an improvement not to have it imo
[01:11] <mr_pouit> hey, and fine by me, it's our code anyway :P
[01:11] <ochosi> hehe
[01:12] <ochosi> yeah, so no chance for regressions ;)
[01:13] <mr_pouit> haha
[01:15] <bluesabre> agreed with all the above
[01:15] <bluesabre> :)
[01:16] <ochosi> :]
[01:19] <micahg> ochosi: thunar 1.6.x and mousepad 0.3 are in raring AFAICT
[01:19] <ochosi> micahg: yeah, mr_pouit mentioned that a few minutes above ;)
[03:09] <Unit193> Alright, anyone have a *fresh* 13.04 Xubuntu 32bit install?  Noskcaj_afk?
[05:53] <jackson__> Unit193, no sorry, only a heavily modded xubuntu12.10 amd64
[06:05] <Unit193> Alright, thanks.
[08:09] <knome> bluesabre, were you able to make it today?
[09:53] <bluesabre> knome: I should be able to.
[09:55] <knome> bluesabre, ok, good
[09:55] <knome> bluesabre, do you have some time before it, like 30mins?
[09:56] <knome> or 20
=== yofel_ is now known as yofel
[14:14] <bluesabre_> knome: I'll try to be around before.  What time is it at again?
[14:41] <knome> bluesabre_, in 20. :)
[14:43] <bluesabre_> alrighty, I'll be here.  :-)
[14:43] <knome> great
[14:43] <knome> can i have a quick pm?
[14:43] <bluesabre_> sure
[14:58] <pleia2> o/
[14:59] <knome> hullo
[14:59] <bluesabre_> :D
[14:59] <maddernick> Is there a meeting?
[14:59] <knome> i'm starting the meeting and going through the formalities
[14:59] <knome> i'll ask who's around in a bit
[14:59] <knome> #startmeeting Xubuntu community meetings
[14:59] <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 10 14:59:39 2013 UTC.  The chair is knome. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.
[14:59] <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired
[14:59] <knome> #topic Items carried on
[15:00] <knome> #subtopic Open action items from previous meeting
[15:00] <knome> #action knome to draft flyer looks
[15:00] <meetingology> ACTION: knome to draft flyer looks
[15:00] <knome> not happened.
[15:00] <knome> #chair pleia2 
[15:00] <meetingology> Current chairs: knome pleia2
[15:00] <knome> so, who's here for the meeting?
[15:00] <pleia2> me
[15:00] <maddernick> o/
[15:00] <knome> raise your hands or sth so you'll get logged
[15:01] <bluesabre_> me
[15:01] <bluesabre_> o/
[15:01] <knome> ok, great
[15:01] <knome> micahg, dingdong
[15:01] <jjfrv8> o/
[15:01] <knome> #topic Team updates
[15:01] <knome> hey jjfrv8 :)
[15:01] <knome> #subtopic Development
[15:01] <micahg> hi
[15:01] <knome> micahg, mr_pouit 
[15:02] <knome> i suppose there's a few things that has happened since the start of the R cycle
[15:03] <knome> ....and we all can still use #action and #info. :)
[15:03] <bluesabre_> #info parole 0.4.0 released, looking for testers (not enough bugs logged on it)
[15:03] <micahg> #info mr_pouit has gotten newer versions of various components into raring
[15:03] <knome> i'll talk a bit more about testing later
[15:04] <micahg> #info i386 ISO is CD size again (minus fr langpacks)
[15:04] <knome> but parole getting forward is a good idea!
[15:04] <knome> err, s/idea/news/ :)
[15:04] <micahg> #info micahg working on rebuild FTBFS failures, mostly related to multiarch python headers
[15:05] <micahg> #action micahg to attempt to make amd64 ISO CD size by alpha2 (useful for its timing, but we're not shipping it)
[15:05] <meetingology> ACTION: micahg to attempt to make amd64 ISO CD size by alpha2 (useful for its timing, but we're not shipping it)
[15:05] <micahg> questions or comments?
[15:06] <knome> #info just for general information, the alpha2 is most probably going to be postponed by a few days (read ubuntu-release archives for more info)
[15:06] <knome> micahg, is there something that's building up the iso size by a lot again?
[15:06] <knome> and/or can we expect something like that
[15:06] <micahg> idk, I'd have to compare the manifest from quantal to raring
[15:07] <knome> but we didn't go over by much anyway?
[15:07] <micahg> we can expect it to increase over time due to new core system deps
[15:07] <micahg> amd64 is only 10MB over
[15:07] <knome> is there any hopes of getting python2 or sth else big dropped this cycle?
[15:07] <micahg> doubtful
[15:07] <bluesabre_> I should have a python3 catfish in the coming weeks
[15:08] <knome> ..and/or should we seriously talk about (dropping) langpacks in the next weeks?
[15:08] <micahg> I don't think I'm in a position to do massive python3 porting
[15:08] <micahg> es zh-hans xh pt is all that's left
[15:08] <micahg> we can drop es or pt and probably be CD sized now
[15:08] <knome> i don't think anybody should take that responsibility alone
[15:08] <micahg> or very close toit
[15:09] <knome> do we have a general idea what needs to be ported from python2?
[15:09] <knome> do you think it would make sense to list those, and try to get some people to work on it?
[15:09] <knome> we've had quite many people interested in helping with xubuntu lately (don't know how many are familiar with python)
[15:10] <knome> that could create some positive momentum if we had something to point the people to
[15:10] <micahg> I could probably dig up a list, we could see if any of the upstreams of those components have ported to python3
[15:10] <knome> so would you be willing to take an official action item for that?
[15:10] <knome> ;)
[15:11] <micahg> to get the list, sure
[15:11] <bluesabre_> I look forward to seeing that list :)
[15:11] <knome> #action micahg to create a list of things that needs porting from python2 to python3
[15:11] <meetingology> ACTION: micahg to create a list of things that needs porting from python2 to python3
[15:11] <micahg> #action micahg to get list of packages in Xubuntu using python2
[15:11] <meetingology> ACTION: micahg to get list of packages in Xubuntu using python2
[15:11] <knome> hehe
[15:11] <knome> well...
[15:11] <knome> some reminders.
[15:11] <micahg> #action micahg to finish fixing FTBFS failures found in the rebuilds
[15:11] <meetingology> ACTION: micahg to finish fixing FTBFS failures found in the rebuilds
[15:12] <knome> #info we'll see how the python-port list looks like, then reconsider if we should consider dropping langpacks
[15:12] <micahg> anything else?
[15:13] <knome> mmh
[15:13] <knome> i don't think that there's anything at this point
[15:13] <micahg> we only have 1 webkit, but 2 GTKs and 2 python2
[15:13] <micahg> *pythons
[15:13] <knome> yeah
[15:14] <knome> i don't think dropping gtk2 is realistic any time soon, that's why i started poking on the python side
[15:14] <knome> (don't get that wrong...)
[15:14] <micahg> surely not until Xfce is ported
[15:14] <knome> anyway
[15:14] <knome> thanks micahg :)
[15:14] <knome> #subtopic Quality Assurance
[15:14]  * micahg wants to drop tcl..
[15:14] <knome> what's blocking?
[15:15] <micahg> it's a recommends of xchat, but that only gets up half way
[15:15] <micahg> *us
[15:15] <knome> nothing else is keeping that in?
[15:17] <micahg> I think so
[15:17] <knome> ok
[15:18] <knome> #action micahg to see if anything else than xchat is keeping tcl in (recommends for xchat), team investigates possibility to drop tcl
[15:18] <meetingology> ACTION: micahg to see if anything else than xchat is keeping tcl in (recommends for xchat), team investigates possibility to drop tcl
[15:18] <knome> #nick team
[15:18] <knome> so QA
[15:18] <knome> #action knome gathers a list of things we want to test before alpha2
[15:18] <meetingology> ACTION: knome gathers a list of things we want to test before alpha2
[15:18] <knome> #action bluesabre_ lists things he wants tested in his projects
[15:18] <meetingology> ACTION: bluesabre_ lists things he wants tested in his projects
[15:19] <bluesabre_> #info parole 0.4 is out and available in raring, lots of new features and fixes, testers needed
[15:19] <knome> #info we will do some specific cadence testing before a2
[15:19] <knome> #info when a2 is out, we will do more of more general cadence testing
[15:20] <knome> #action knome will send more information on the ML, team shouts out in social media etc. for anybody to help with testing
[15:20] <meetingology> ACTION: knome will send more information on the ML, team shouts out in social media etc. for anybody to help with testing
[15:20] <knome> is there anything else in QA?
[15:20] <knome> questions about testing for R or sth?
[15:21] <pleia2> do we want to do another blog post about testing?
[15:21] <pleia2> (haven't had a post in a while)
[15:21] <knome> pleia2, yes.
[15:21] <knome> i'll switch the subtopic quickly.
[15:21] <pleia2> ok, you can action me to draft it after you've sent the mailing list info
[15:21] <knome> #subtopic Marketing, Promotion and Artwork
[15:21] <pleia2> er, info to mailing list
[15:22] <knome> #action pleia2 drafts a new blog article on testing after knome has sent information on testing to ML
[15:22] <meetingology> ACTION: pleia2 drafts a new blog article on testing after knome has sent information on testing to ML
[15:22] <knome> #info we contacted the identi.ca xubuntu group and will be co-admins of that soon
[15:22] <bluesabre_> yay!
[15:22] <pleia2> (hopefully :))
[15:22] <knome> yeah.
[15:23] <knome> but no reason why not, if people look at their email
[15:23] <knome> is there some other social media outlets we should be on?
[15:23] <knome> i'm not proposing to create anything new, but see if there's something existing we can make official, like the G+ page
[15:23] <bluesabre_> diaspora (lol)
[15:23] <knome> well, we are on facebook..
[15:24] <pleia2> I haven't seen anything pop up lately
[15:24] <knome> does anybody in the team have a diaspora account, or how does that stuff even work? :P
[15:24] <bluesabre_> I have one, doesn't really work so well since its decentralized, and all it really seems to be is cat pictures
[15:24] <knome> ok, so let's not go there
[15:25] <pleia2> hehe
[15:25] <knome> anything else on the subjects?
[15:25] <bluesabre_> any new case badges or anything, pleia2?
[15:25] <knome> oh
[15:25] <pleia2> no new ones, still have a billion of the old ones :)
[15:26] <knome> #info knome is seriously considering of ordering one more xubuntu t-shirt for testing quality etc 
[15:26] <pleia2> \o/
[15:26] <knome> pleia2, seriously? i've almost given all of mine away..
[15:26] <knome> and i don't go into LUG's, see people, or anything like that!
[15:26] <knome> :P
[15:26] <pleia2> I ordered a lot :)
[15:27] <knome> 100?
[15:27] <knome> or you did another batch?
[15:27] <pleia2> still the 100
[15:27] <knome> ok
[15:27] <pleia2> holidays here make everyone disappear from events and I've been busy ;)
[15:27] <knome> heh
[15:27] <knome> right
[15:27] <knome> it's the boring general weekday life that does it here
[15:28] <pleia2> #info we have someone working on updated screenshots for the website for 12.10 (better late than never!)
[15:28] <knome> anyway, any other things on m/p/a?
[15:28] <knome> ooh!
[15:28] <pleia2> #info as always, we could use more team members contributing blog posts, you know where to find me :)
[15:29] <knome> #action team should work more on listing low-hanging fruit for new contributors to grow the community
[15:29] <meetingology> ACTION: team should work more on listing low-hanging fruit for new contributors to grow the community
[15:29] <pleia2> I think that's it for mpa
[15:29] <knome> i've been blogging quite a lot about xubuntu'ish things on my blog and tweeting them with the xubuntu account
[15:30] <knome> #info if you write about xubuntu (development) on your blog, it's possible to tweet about that @Xubuntu
[15:30] <bluesabre_> I always write a xubuntu review post a few days following release, I'll keep that in mind.
[15:30] <knome> yup, just remind us
[15:31] <knome> #info or, if you're on twitter yourself, we can retweet too..
[15:31] <knome> #info knome has been retweeting some nice comments for @Xubuntu anyway
[15:31] <pleia2> :)
[15:31] <knome> #subtopic Documentation, Website
[15:32] <knome> anything on this?
[15:32] <knome> well, the note about somebody working on the screenshots
[15:32] <bluesabre_> knome, you mentioned considering moving the help documents to yelp at one point
[15:32] <knome> am i failing on the categoriing again? :)
[15:32] <knome> +z
[15:32] <pleia2> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-r-xubuntu-docs
[15:32] <knome> bluesabre_, right. we should talk about that in #ubuntu-docs
[15:32] <knome> bluesabre_, somebody there suggested that
[15:33] <bluesabre_> ah
[15:33] <knome> for being able to have translations and stuff
[15:33] <knome> bluesabre_, you interested in finding out more about that?
[15:33] <bluesabre_> I might be able to help.  I've done some stuff with mallard
[15:34] <knome> mh
[15:34] <knome> #action bluesabre_ to investigate moving to yelp with docs to enable translations and stuff
[15:34] <meetingology> ACTION: bluesabre_ to investigate moving to yelp with docs to enable translations and stuff
[15:34] <knome> anything else?
[15:35] <bluesabre_> brb
[15:35] <knome> ok, probably not
[15:35] <knome> #subtopic General updates
[15:35] <knome> anything else?
[15:36] <micahg> are we having a default apps discussion at all?
[15:36] <knome> micahg, hurrrr
[15:36] <knome> micahg, if you *really* want to :)
[15:36] <knome> i mean
[15:36] <pleia2> the Community Council has been meeting with teams this cycle, next Thursday (17th) it's Xubuntu's turn: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda
[15:36] <pleia2> consider this your invite :)
[15:37] <pleia2> I'll remind on the day too, 7 days a 1.5 hrs from now
[15:37] <knome> pleia2, can i consider that as an invite, or should i consider that as a must since i asked for that?
[15:37] <knome> ;)
[15:37] <bluesabre_> back
[15:37] <pleia2> :)
[15:37] <bluesabre_> mousepad
[15:37] <micahg> no, I'd rather not, but maybe there's something we're shipping that's not worthwhile
[15:38] <knome> so that's more about "dropping things we don't need" than "default applications" talk
[15:38] <knome> with def apps i'm thinking about somebody wanting to *replace* something
[15:38] <knome> i think mousepad is a good proposal though
[15:39] <knome> i mean, in the sense that it's a good proposal to look at it, not taking any side if it's good to include or not (yet)
[15:39] <bluesabre_> I think it should be considered
[15:39] <knome> micahg, let's schedule some time later to look at the seed togheter
[15:39] <bluesabre_> Its minimalistic, but can actually be used for development
[15:39] <knome> *together
[15:40] <knome> #action team to schedule some time to look at the seed and consider dropping unneded things
[15:40] <meetingology> ACTION: team to schedule some time to look at the seed and consider dropping unneded things
[15:40] <knome> bluesabre_, leafpad is too, and i suppose that's what you're proposing to replace, so no problem with that.
[15:40] <micahg> bluesabre: we switched to leafpad in oneiric to get rid of xfprint4
[15:40] <knome> i there still that dep?
[15:40] <micahg> no
[15:41] <knome> in mousepad i mean
[15:41] <micahg> no
[15:41] <knome> ok, then np from my POV
[15:42] <knome> if we move back to mousepad, i'm wondering if we should create a symlink for leafpad since many people have learnt *that* now
[15:42] <knome> like me.
[15:42] <micahg> mousepad is a bit bigger
[15:42] <knome> define "a bit"
[15:42] <knome> 1 byte?
[15:42] <micahg> 100k
[15:42] <micahg> with a few more deps
[15:42] <knome> mmh
[15:42] <knome> let's consider that
[15:42]  * micahg wonders why an editor needs a dep on dbus
[15:42] <knome> #action team to consider switching leafpad to mousepad
[15:42] <meetingology> ACTION: team to consider switching leafpad to mousepad
[15:42] <pleia2> heh
[15:43] <knome> #topic Announcements
[15:43] <knome> #subtopic Changes of positions on the Xubuntu team
[15:43] <knome> #info elfy dropped a line that he can't help in the R cycle; knome will take over the QA-related stuff (again)
[15:44] <knome> #info The term for XPL ends at the end of this cycle
[15:44] <knome> #info Since we changed the Strategy Document, the next term will only be 2 (two) releases, since the term is designed to end with an LTS release.
[15:45] <knome> #info We will be voting on extending the current XPL's term at the end of the cycle; if not extended, a new XPL will serve for two cycles
[15:45] <knome> anything you want to ask?
[15:45] <micahg> why an extension instead of a new election?
[15:45] <knome> well, you can consider that as a new election
[15:45] <micahg> or is the new term supposed to be 2 years?
[15:46]  * micahg supposes he should read the doc
[15:46] <knome> i'm partly disqualified in this thing
[15:46] <knome> it used to be 1,5 years
[15:46] <knome> but that doesn't make sense because it doesn't allow long-term planning (because it doesn't always end with an LTS release)
[15:46] <knome> so yes, the term is supposed to be 2 years
[15:47] <knome> but this is the exception, because the overruling rule is that the term should end with an LTS release
[15:47] <micahg> ok, then extending your term to 2.5 years isn't unreasonable
[15:47] <knome> no, but i'm completely okay with doing a vote, because i changed that thing in the SD myself
[15:47] <knome> and i think we need to do one
[15:47] <micahg> knome: oh, I agree that it should be put to a vote :)
[15:47] <knome> there's a slight possibility that i'm saying "i won't!"
[15:48] <knome> and then you *have to* elect somebody else, like micahg or bluesabre_ 
[15:48] <knome> >:)
[15:48] <pleia2> :P
[15:48] <knome> or pleia2!
[15:48]  * micahg would vote for pleia2 
[15:48] <pleia2> noo
[15:48] <knome> haha
[15:48] <micahg> hehe
[15:48] <bluesabre_> I'd vote for not me
[15:48] <knome> i suppose the SD says one must be willing to serve... ;)
[15:49] <knome> if it doesn't, we should change that before voting...
[15:49] <pleia2> lol
[15:49] <knome> anyway, that's it for announcements
[15:49] <knome> any other team leads have other announcements?
[15:49] <knome> pleia2, maybe post the CC invite here with #info?
[15:49] <knome> if it's still on your history
[15:50] <pleia2> right
[15:50] <pleia2> #info the Community Council has been meeting with teams this cycle, next Thursday (17th) it's Xubuntu's turn: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda
[15:50] <knome> thanks
[15:50] <knome> #topic New and emerging items
[15:51] <knome> #subtopic Serbian translation for Xfce 4.10
[15:51] <knome> micahg?
[15:51] <knome> what do you want to discuss
[15:51] <knome> or is this something you should discuss with mr_pouit 
[15:52] <knome> #subtopic Discuss changing Xfce translations to a langpack system similar to KDE (makes it easier to update translations post release)
[15:52] <knome> that's pretty much the same subject
[15:52] <micahg> sorry, got distracted
[15:52] <knome> no problem
[15:53] <knome> we can simply postpone these, if you need other people to discuss with
[15:53] <knome> i'm completely ok with changing the system if that's easier for you
[15:53] <micahg> well, I'd like mr_pouit's opinion, but I think it might be worthwhile to switch to a Kubuntu style langpacks so that we can update the languages post release more easily
[15:53] <knome> and i'm completely ok with getting the serbian translation in 13.04, and i'll help if i can
[15:54] <knome> do we need to do that often / have we done that often / would we have needed to do that more often than we did?
[15:54] <micahg> idk that it's been done before since we don't have the option ATM
[15:54] <knome> it has or hasn't been done before? :)
[15:54] <micahg> right now, we'd have to reupload everything with the languages in question
[15:55] <micahg> as opposed to one new langpack source
[15:55] <knome> that doesn't help me understand it thoroughly... but as said, if it makes the maintaining (much) more easy, it's probably worth it
[15:56] <knome> would you follow up about this with mr_pouit? 
[15:56] <micahg> I think overall it does, it just will require a bit of work up front
[15:56] <mr_pouit> (sorry for being late/silent) indeed, language packs are great, I'm still a bit skeptical about the lp/contributors' side.
[15:56] <knome> yup, but maybe we could get other people to help, if there's some low-hanging fruit
[15:56] <micahg> mr_pouit: not for that reason, we wouldn't end up with LP stuff unless we asked
[15:57] <micahg> or set it up for that, it's more for post release updates from upstream
[15:57] <mr_pouit> oh, great
[15:58] <knome> so will you both/either of you take an action item for that?
[15:58] <knome> :]
[15:58] <micahg> mr_pouit: so we can grab stuff like this and update it: https://translations.xfce.org/projects/p/xfce/r/xfce-4-10/l/af/
[15:59] <micahg> or this for a better example: https://translations.xfce.org/projects/p/xfce/r/xfce-4-10/l/sr/
[15:59] <mr_pouit> micahg: yeah, if we can regularly sync .po from xfce-4.x branches, that's the best way
[15:59] <mr_pouit> (I've done it once for nl.po when pjotr asked, but it's painful to patch each package)
[15:59] <micahg> I'd have to look at how Kubuntu does it
[16:00] <micahg> they have scripts to help and I think KDE upstream ships the languages separately
[16:00] <micahg> mr_pouit: do you think corsac would be open to doing this in Debian?
[16:01] <micahg> it might require patching the various xfce packages to not ship the po files (again, I have to see how Kubuntu handles this)
[16:01] <mr_pouit> not sure he'll be happy about that (patch all packages I mean)
[16:02] <micahg> well, I would think we only want to ship 1 copy of the translations per app
[16:03] <mr_pouit> ubuntu langpacks install somewhere else and use pkgstriptranslations I think, isn't it feasible as well
[16:04] <mr_pouit> +?
[16:04] <mr_pouit> (or only when rosetta/lp is involved?)
[16:04] <micahg> yeah, can be
[16:06] <knome> so... will you take the needed action items for this? :)
[16:06] <micahg> ok
[16:07] <knome> thanks
[16:07] <mr_pouit> (I can, although I'm not sure I can give it too much time before february)
[16:07] <mr_pouit> fine then, thanks :P
[16:07] <knome> no problem
[16:08] <knome> umm.. would you write the nice little poems yourself? :P
[16:09] <micahg> #action micahg to research converting to a Kubuntu style per-language source langpack
[16:09] <meetingology> ACTION: micahg to research converting to a Kubuntu style per-language source langpack
[16:09] <knome> do we need something else?
[16:10] <micahg> that depends on the success of the above
[16:10] <knome> heh,ok
[16:10] <knome> #subtopic Schedule next meeting
[16:10] <knome> two weeks from now sound fine for everybody?
[16:11] <micahg> sure, are we participating in 12.04.2?
[16:11] <pleia2> probably
[16:11] <knome> micahg, why not?
[16:11] <bluesabre_> yeah, that should work for me
[16:11] <knome> isn't that today
[16:11] <micahg> well, do we have any work that needs to be done?
[16:11] <knome> oh, kernelfreeze
[16:11] <knome> i don't think so
[16:12] <micahg> it's Jan 31
[16:12] <knome> at least i can't think anything from my head
[16:12] <knome> we'll have a week
[16:12] <micahg> SRU freeze is next week
[16:12] <knome> aha
[16:12] <knome> it's not in the release schedule... for some weird reason
[16:12] <mr_pouit> any urgen SRu pending?
[16:12] <micahg> well, I wanted to fix gvfs in thunar, but I ran into a dead end
[16:13] <knome> and we wanted to port the docs to 12.04, but that's not happening for .2
[16:13] <mr_pouit> micahg: the slow startup?
[16:13] <micahg> mr_pouit: no, failure due to transport endpoint
[16:13] <mr_pouit> ah, that too
[16:13] <micahg> then I tried backporting later versions and had issues with that since the dependencies changed
[16:14] <mr_pouit> I think this was fixed when mountpoints moved to /run/$user/...
[16:14] <mr_pouit> (but not in precise)
[16:14] <knome> so regardless, is meeting in 2 weeks ok?
[16:14] <knome> i need to go... :)
[16:14] <micahg> that makes sense, they're no longer in an encrypted area
[16:15] <micahg> yes, makes sense
[16:15] <knome> #info Next Xubuntu community meeting: Jan 24, 15 UTC @#xubuntu-devel
[16:15] <knome> #endmeetings
[16:15] <knome> #endmeeting
[16:15] <meetingology> Meeting ended Thu Jan 10 16:15:12 2013 UTC.  
[16:15] <meetingology> Minutes (wiki):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/xubuntu-devel/2013/xubuntu-devel.2013-01-10-14.59.moin.txt
[16:15] <meetingology> Minutes (html):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/xubuntu-devel/2013/xubuntu-devel.2013-01-10-14.59.html
[16:15] <knome> thanks!
[16:15] <knome> i'll get the minutes and logs up later today
[16:15] <micahg> hrm, I wanted to add a note about 12.04 SRUs
[16:15] <mr_pouit> SRUs for .2: Bug #354830 needs testing (no feedback yet), although if nobody's replying, I guess this wasn't an important issue
[16:15] <ubottu> bug 354830 in xfce4-settings (Ubuntu Quantal) "xfce4-settings-helper crashed with SIGSEGV in g_type_create_instance()" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/354830
[16:15] <mr_pouit> erf
[16:15] <knome> micahg, send that to my email, i'll add it to the minutes
[16:16] <knome> bbl ->
[16:16] <micahg> oh, I should probably fix the exo helper stuff in precise, it's quite annoying ATM with apparmor enabled in Firefox
[16:16] <knome> (and bye and thanks again everybody!)
[16:17] <pleia2> thanks :)
[16:32] <micahg> BTW, separating the langpacks should giive us a bit more room on the images, not sure how much though
[17:18] <greenwolf> did i miss the meeting today?
[17:18] <greenwolf> does anyone know what time the #Xubuntu community meeting was?
[17:19] <bluesabre_> 15 UTC I think (2 hours, 20 minutes ago)
[17:19] <greenwolf> damn i thought that was Pacific time because im in estern
[17:20] <bluesabre_> I'm in eastern too
[17:20] <bluesabre_> 10 am eastern
[17:21] <greenwolf> wow i was converting it from 10Pacific time so it would have been 1pm eastern
[17:21] <greenwolf> but i guess i was wrong
[17:21] <bluesabre_> Here's the minutes
[17:21] <bluesabre_> http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/xubuntu-devel/2013/xubuntu-devel.2013-01-10-14.59.html
[17:21] <greenwolf> were you here when they were discussing the topics?
[17:21] <bluesabre_> that should have all the important stuff
[17:28] <greenwolf> ok thanks
[19:18] <bluesabre_> mr_pouit, glad to see parole 0.4 in the ppa, thanks!
[19:36] <ochosi> +1, hopefully that means more bugreports
[19:51] <Unit193> bluesabre_: Testing on quantal help any?  And what exactly do you want to be poked at?
[19:52] <ochosi> Unit193: you mean parole-testing?
[19:52] <Unit193> ochosi: Yes I do.
[19:52] <ochosi> yup, quantal testing is helpful
[19:52] <ochosi> we need general testing
[19:52] <ochosi> but also specific testing directed at the new features
[19:53] <ochosi> (codec-installer, audio-cds, dvds etc)
[19:53] <Unit193> (I always end up purging it as that's the easiest way to unset it as default. :P )
[19:53] <Unit193> Alright, I can remove a couple gstreamer packages.
[19:53] <ochosi> mkay, thanks!
[20:07] <Unit193> By default, it isn't default for mp4
[20:11] <Unit193> Try to open a webm file and it just sits there.
[20:11] <ochosi> does it work with totem?
[20:12] <Unit193> I don't know, I'm testing parole, not totem. ;)
[20:12] <Unit193> It does with VLC and Firefox, if that counts?
[20:12] <ochosi> yeah, but i'm wondering whether it's a parole or a gstreamer issue
[20:14] <Unit193> If I remember correctly, Xombrero uses gstreamer and it can play it.
[20:16] <ochosi> is xombrero a video-player?
[20:17] <Unit193> Browser. :P
[20:18] <Unit193> gstreamer backend error: Could not read title information for DVD
[20:23] <ochosi> i don't see any evidence of xombrero using gstreamer, rather seems it uses external apps like gnome-mplayer
[20:24] <Unit193> Alright.  I can browse to the mounted dvd and almost play it, but once you find the correct VOB file, it's a little scrambled.  Not sure if gstreamer or parole, though.
[20:24] <Unit193> There are seconds where you can hear and see right.
[20:25] <ochosi> hm sounds more like a gst issue but not 100% sure
[20:25] <ochosi> unfortunately i don't know of any other gstreamer players than totem you could test it with
[20:27] <bluesabre_> Unit193: do you have libdvdcss2 installed?
[20:27] <Unit193> Of course.
[20:28] <bluesabre_> could you test with a different dvd maybe?
[20:30] <Unit193> Yep.
[20:30] <Unit193> Want without region code?
[20:31] <bluesabre_> sure, why not :)
[20:35] <Unit193> First, parole doesn't think I have a disk inserted.  (Grey, with "Insert Disk")
[20:35] <ochosi> yeah, you need to mount it yourself
[20:35] <ochosi> we're assuming ppl are using thunar with automount=yes
[20:36] <Unit193> ochosi: VLC already played it...
[20:36] <Unit193> I am.
[20:38] <Unit193> Ejected, put back in, selected parole, wait, wait, select Play disk from the menu, gstreamer backend error.
[20:39] <Unit193> Tried something new, the name of the disk pulls up, but this is the terminal output http://0bin.net/paste/2c860eb2d3c8d7e0fd02e10eafb06f9e0e005e05#Gaqq5SVS9163Yh6WQg0bKnGzKOszCix/XCgmMjJ2c/Y=
[20:40] <Unit193> Note, dvd2, which I tried to select, is correct.
[20:42] <bluesabre_> well, the good news is that this is probably not a regression
[20:42] <bluesabre_> but a bug thats never been found
[20:42] <bluesabre_> :D
[20:42] <Unit193> Bleep.
[20:43] <bluesabre_> I'll try to fix that tonight
[20:43] <ochosi> dvd's are one of the least-tested things in parole for me
[20:43] <Unit193> Sweet, thanks!  (For not making me report a bug! :D )
[20:43] <Unit193> Ping me when you want me to reinstall it?
[20:43] <bluesabre_> actually, I just forgot about it
[20:43] <bluesabre_> could you log a bug?
[20:43] <bluesabre_> :)
[20:44] <bluesabre_> Ideally, it shouldn't be too hard to fix
[20:44] <bluesabre_> Unless libdvdread is stupid
[20:44] <Unit193> Is it needed if you're going to fix tonight?  Also, what do I put it in?
[20:44] <bluesabre_> cannot play dvd
[20:44] <bluesabre_> and paste that output
[20:45] <bluesabre_> I might be able to fix it tonight, but my schedule is always crap
[20:45] <bluesabre_> and unpredictable
[20:47] <Unit193> Alrighty.
[20:52] <Unit193> Bug #1098323   Sorry for it not being the best report. :P
[20:52] <ubottu> bug 1098323 in parole (Ubuntu) "Parole failes to play DVD" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1098323
[20:54] <Unit193> Oh, is there something I should do about webm?
[20:59] <bluesabre_> thanks Unit193!
[20:59] <ochosi> Unit193: maybe file another bug about that
[20:59] <Unit193> bluesabre_: Sure.
[20:59] <Unit193> ochosi: Not sure it's a bug yet, though.
[20:59] <bluesabre_> alrighty, I should probably do some work while I'm at work today.  bbl
[20:59] <Unit193> Adios.
=== john__ is now known as _j0hn
