[07:49] <dholbach> good morning
[08:02] <JoseeAntonioR> hey dholbach!
[08:03] <dholbach> hey JoseeAntonioR
[08:03] <JoseeAntonioR> how's everything?
[08:03] <dholbach> good good - how about you?
[08:04] <JoseeAntonioR> great, enjoying vacations :)
[08:04] <JoseeAntonioR> btw, are we having any on-airs on devel week?
[08:07] <dholbach> no, I don't think so - but you're right - I should at least ask around - will do that now
[08:07] <JoseeAntonioR> sure, I've also written an announcement on the ubuntu classroom blog
[08:08] <dholbach> nice
[08:08] <dholbach> I'll send another blog post when I got more quotes from the speakers
[08:09] <JoseeAntonioR> great
[08:55] <czajkowski> aloha
=== zequence_ is now known as zequence
[09:56] <dholbach> JoseeAntonioR, notgary would like to use hangout on air
[11:59] <doctormon> Morning all
[12:04] <s-fox> hello doctormon
[12:05] <doctormon> Morning s-fox
[13:47] <snap-l> jcastro: New Clockwork Angels dates posted.
[13:48] <snap-l> No MI dates, but I know you're out of town in a few months, so you might want to have a look
[13:48] <popey> wonder if the new fitbit strap thing will be released by the time UDS comes around in may
[13:48] <popey> would like to order one to get
[13:48] <popey> but they're only available in the US
=== scott-work is now known as Guest6298
[15:07] <dholbach> hey jono
[15:07] <jono> hi dholbach
[15:13] <jcastro> good mourning everyone!
[15:13] <jcastro> snap-l: ah nuts, anything in chicago or cleveland?
[15:17]  * popey cuddles jcastro 
[15:17] <jcastro> man, some guy wrote subtitles to the juju and maas videos
[15:48] <snap-l> jcastro: Looks like they're doing a quick costal tour before heading to England
[15:48] <snap-l> http://rush.com
[15:49] <snap-l> jcastro: I assume the subtitles aren't charitable?
[15:50] <jcastro> charitable?
[15:52] <snap-l> Oh, it sounded like someone made bad subtitles like "ubuntu sucks"
[15:52] <snap-l> but that was a good thing.
[15:54] <snap-l> jcastro: dndclassics.com <- PDF versions of D&D are back online
[16:10] <dholbach> JoseeAntonioR, you there?
[16:16] <jono> JoseeAntonioR, we said 11am Pacific for my Q+A tomorrow, right?
[16:16] <JoseeAntonioR> dholbach: I'm here
[16:16] <JoseeAntonioR> jono: let me check
[16:16] <dholbach> JoseeAntonioR, we have some difficulties inviting leann in :/
[16:16] <JoseeAntonioR> dholbach: give her the link
[16:16] <JoseeAntonioR> have you tried that?
[16:17] <JoseeAntonioR> jono: right, 11am Pacific
[16:17] <jono> JoseeAntonioR, cool, will blog about it today
[16:17] <JoseeAntonioR> ok!
[16:31] <jono> dpm, mhall119 invite sent, join, and I will be there in a sec
[16:31] <dpm> jono, ok
[17:13] <dholbach> all right my friends - see you all tomorrow!
[17:41] <bkerensa> morning
[17:41] <bkerensa> popey: so far the One and Zip do not work with libfitbit
[17:42] <bkerensa> unlikely the flex will since they seem to have changed radios on the devices
[17:44] <popey> bummer
[17:44] <popey> have "we" contacted them?
[20:00] <bkerensa> popey: idk know if Canonical has but I did
[20:01] <bkerensa> popey: They gave the normal we don't support third party platforms canned response
[20:28] <popey> bkerensa: que, osx and windows are "third party platforms"
[20:28] <popey> maybe we should be asking them to support linux directly
[20:29] <jono> mhall119, https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuPhone/CoreApps/Clock
[20:29] <jono> this is where I am going with this
[20:29] <jono> working on the design guidelines now
[20:29] <jono> mhall119, make any changes you feel we need to that page and then we can review and replicate
[20:30] <popey> i think you broke the wiki
[20:30] <popey> 500 errors
[20:30] <mhall119> popey: like that's difficult
[20:31] <jono> oops
[20:31] <popey> heh
[20:31] <popey> juju deploy wiki
[20:31] <mhall119> jono: what is TBC?
[20:31] <Pici> the big cheese?
[20:31] <bkerensa> popey: they officially support them with their app though
[20:31] <jono> mhall119, To Be Confirmed
[20:31] <jono> Pici, lol
[20:32] <popey> not what I meant â˜º
[20:32] <popey> I mean they should support Ubuntu with an app
[20:39] <bkerensa> mhall119: so I did get final word back on upstreams bug for the Ubuntu Button and its not something they are going to do due to branding and technical requirements and the need to maintain suh.
[20:39] <bkerensa> I just marked the bug upstream wontfix https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=763007
[20:39] <mhall119> jono: you link, I couldn't view it until I logged in
[20:39] <ubot2> Mozilla bug 763007 in General "Firefox.com lacks "Download for Ubuntu" button but offers Generic Linux Download" [Enhancement,Resolved: wontfix]
[20:39] <jono> mhall119, which link?
[20:39] <mhall119> the sample app link to mybalsamiq
[20:40] <mhall119> bkerensa: thanks for following up on that anyway
[20:40] <jono> mhall119, didn't dpm set the perms?
[20:45] <mhall119> I thought that's what the 'blog' setting was going to do
[20:45] <mhall119> oh, looks like it's still private, that's probably why
[20:47] <mhall119> jono: made some small changes, otherwise it looks good to me
[20:47] <jono> mhall119, awesome
[20:48] <jono> I am just finalizing the design guidelines and then you can replicate all the pages
[20:49] <jono> mhall119, one thing we haven't fleshed out is the implementation section
[20:49] <jono> we will leave that to the teams though
[20:51] <jono> mhall119, https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuPhone/CoreApps/Design
[20:51] <jono> mhall119, ok, can you go ahead and replicate all the wiki pages?
[20:54] <mhall119> jono, I will in a few, helping my father in law lift something heavy :(
[20:54] <jono> mhall119, no worries
[21:41] <jono> mhall119, I am gonna edit https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuPhone/CoreApps
[21:49] <jono> mhall119, did you start replicating the pages yet?
[21:49] <jono> I just thought of something I should have added
[22:15] <mhall119> jono: I'm about to start putting those pages up, are all the changes you wanted made?
[22:16] <jono> mhall119, let me make a few more changes now
[22:16] <mhall119> sure, just let me know when it's ready
[22:17] <jono> mhall119, actually, nm, go ahead
[22:17] <jono> thanks
[22:20] <mhall119> ok, starting now
[22:23] <mhall119> man, the wiki hates me
[22:24] <mhall119> jono: did we get a confirmation on license?
[22:54] <jono> mhall119, not yet
[22:55] <mhall119> jono: I'm setting them all to GPLv3 for now, since that's company policy
[22:55] <jono> mhall119, fine with me
[22:58] <mhall119> jono: I'm changing the top links so that the page names and the LP project and team names follow the same conventions
[22:58] <jono> mhall119, cool
[23:04] <mhall119> jono: all app pages are created and project have all been made public/GPLv3
[23:04] <jono> thanks mhall119
[23:06] <mhall119> jono: do I need to add anyting to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuPhone/CoreApps/, or is what you put there good for now?
[23:06] <jono> mhall119, that should be fine
[23:06] <jono> thanks
[23:06] <mhall119> ok, I'll let Kevin know they're ready
=== vibhav is now known as Guest95839
