=== figarocorso is now known as miky_jr
=== Tonio_ is now known as Tonio_aw
=== Sweetsha1k is now known as Sweetshark
=== figarocorso is now known as miky_jr
=== yofel_ is now known as yofel
[15:41] <Aeefire> hey guys.
[16:04] <ogra_> ho ho ho
[16:04]  * ogra_ waves
[16:04] <ogra_> #startmeeting
[16:04] <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Jan 18 16:04:23 2013 UTC.  The chair is ogra_. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.
[16:04] <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired
[16:04] <ogra_> so this is the weekly nexus7 status meeting
[16:04] <ogra_> anyone here besides me ?
[16:04] <jake__> I am
[16:05] <Sid_Payton> Yapp
[16:06] <ogra_> hmm, i would have wished for some more people ... especially developers to give some status updates
[16:07] <ogra_> anyway, i can at least do my own status update if others dont show up ...
[16:08] <ogra_> work has been done on the splashscreen front, people using recent images will notice plymouth showing up on their installs (sadly still in portrait mode)
[16:08] <ogra_> ureadahead was also fixed to finally generate proper .pack files, that should speed up booting slightly
[16:09] <ogra_> work on reducing the image size (due to switching the tarball to xz compression) is underway, that will give us the opportunitzy to finally re-pack the images for more than the 8G device
[16:09] <ogra_> xnox did some work on the usb-creator side for nexus7 support, so the installation/flashing should be possible from there soon
[16:10] <ogra_> janimo developed a daemon for rotation and ambient light support https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2013-January/036337.html
[16:11] <ogra_> we're still discussing how to move on from here
[16:11] <ogra_> (it works fine but x is really slow to update the orientation)
[16:12] <ogra_> the most serious issue is still the touch input layer getting confused ... even more in portrait mode
[16:12] <ogra_> well, thats all the status i have to give atm
[16:12] <ogra_> does anyone else want to speak up
[16:12] <ogra_> ?
[16:13] <ogra_> hey JanC
[16:13] <ogra_> err
[16:13] <ogra_> janimo,
[16:13] <janimo> hey
[16:13] <ogra_> i just posted a link to the ubuntu-devel mail
[16:13] <ogra_> and mentioned your work
[16:14]  * ogra_ wishes someone from the X team would be around 
[16:14] <ogra_> i'd really like to hear about the input issues
[16:14] <janimo> I'll have a look myself if no unity/X guy has time
[16:15] <janimo> maybe I find some more clues to pass them
[16:15] <ogra_> well, i was told there are fixed upstream, but thats like two months ago
[16:15] <ogra_> tjaltoon was supposed to take care for it
[16:15] <janimo> do we still have a top 5 worst bugs list as we had around UDS?
=== chiluk is now known as chiluk_away
[16:15] <ogra_> i think so, yeah
[16:15] <ogra_> well, the top one is surely input
[16:16] <ogra_> sound still needs a suspend cycle to start working
[16:16] <ogra_> but thats an nvidia issue  according to diwic
[16:16] <ogra_> we still have the panel shadow as black bar ...
[16:16] <janimo> there are more than one input bugs though . One that it stops working, then nautilus double tap, and the relatively new clikcs not working unless in defautl orientation
[16:17] <ogra_> and we have 103 open bugs ... some of them start smelling already
[16:17]  * ogra_ points at https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-nexus7
[16:17] <ogra_> yeah, there is also "never release grab"
[16:18] <janimo> I'd not mark those Q->R dist-upgrade ones Critical unless they happen on fresh raring installs
[16:18] <ogra_> nope
[16:18] <ogra_> especially BT ones :)
[16:19] <ogra_> since qunatal has a hack there
[16:20] <ogra_> plars, around ?
[16:20] <ogra_> (and updates from the QA side ?)
[16:20] <ogra_> s/and/any/
[16:21] <ogra_> or gema or balloons ?
[16:22] <balloons> gema's stateside today, or perhaps traveling back
[16:22] <ogra_> k
[16:22] <janimo> I will go through those 103 bugs and see if any needs update/removal :)
=== chiluk_away is now known as chiluk
[16:22] <ogra_> some do, but are assigned to people already, i didnt want to just close them
[16:23] <ogra_> at least not without talking to the owner
[16:23] <ogra_> in any case it doesnt seem that all the noise i made about this meeting got any of our developers here today ...
[16:24] <ogra_> anyone having a suggestion how we can change that ?
[16:25] <ogra_> also if anyone from the audience wants to speak up, ask a question or help, feel free
[16:25] <Shindz> as for making noise,  I read the post on the fridge...
[16:25] <ogra_> this is an open meeting for everyione to participate :)
[16:26] <ogra_> Shindz, it was on G+ as well and on planet.ubuntu.com and i think someone even re-posted it to facebook
[16:28] <Shindz> I saw it on planet.ubuntu.com
[16:28]  * ogra_ has no idea what other media should have it as well, to get peoples attention
[16:28] <ogra_> but i'll happily follow any suggestion for next weeks announcement :)
[16:28] <Shindz> may be some some devs don#t go social ...
[16:29] <ogra_> hah, yeah
[16:29] <Shindz> for the Nexus 7, when could we expect to see a first true tablet experience ?
[16:30] <ogra_> some time in 13.10 i guess
[16:30] <ppisati> while i'm not nexus7 active ATM, i'm here :)
[16:30] <ogra_> in 13.04 all the focus is on the underlying bits (the so called plumbing layer)
[16:30]  * ogra_ hugs ppisati 
[16:30]  * ppisati hugs back :)
[16:31] <ogra_> so dont expect to much from 13.04 wrt tablet UI experience
[16:31] <ogra_> focus atm is to cut down everything we can to optimal values ...
[16:31] <ogra_> ram usage, space usage, speed etc
[16:32] <Shindz> good to know.  what is the most difficult task you are facing now ?
[16:32] <ogra_> and make all the bits and pieces work (sensor inputs like rotation or GPS etc)
[16:32] <ogra_> Shindz, that the devs assigned to tasks dont show up to meetings i guess *g*
[16:32] <Shindz> *g* ^^
[16:33] <ogra_> beyond that, see the buglist, as jani and i mentioned, the input layer is super broken still
[16:33] <Shindz> yeah I wanted to ask about it
[16:33] <ogra_> on a touch device thats not really helpful :)
[16:34] <ogra_> well, so i'll take an action to hunt down the missing devs personally during next week and have them show up here
[16:34] <rrnwexec> is bluetooth getting any closer? that would help us test without needing the touchscreen
[16:34] <ogra_> not having an Xorg dev here while discussing the input layer wont get us very far
[16:35] <ogra_> rrnwexec, well, there is one nonfree bit that we havent decided on yet how to handle it ...
[16:35] <ogra_> you could install the brcm bits from the quantal PPA on raring, i think that should make it work
[16:35] <rrnwexec> ok. thanks :)
[16:35] <ogra_> (but will make upgardes to the BT stack fail)
[16:36] <ogra_> cyphermox, ^^^
[16:36] <ogra_> do you have any info about the BT progress on the nxexus7 ?
[16:37] <ogra_> hmm, seemingly not
[16:38] <ogra_> probably some words of whats ahead for next week ...
[16:38] <ogra_> i'll be working on adding preseeding support to the images for automated testing in the QA testlab
[16:39] <ogra_> i'll also be working on the xz compression which needs some massive changes in the image build process and the installer
[16:39] <ogra_> once thats in place we can think about building images for flavours (xubuntu, kde-plasma and lubuntu were asked for)
[16:40] <janimo> ogra_, do we now have extra server time to add more flavours?
[16:40] <ogra_> if someone is eager to learn how ubiquity works, i think xnox would be grateful for help on the "input in textfields does not work" and "wallpaper is missing" bugs of the installer
[16:41] <ogra_> janimo, my re-working of the compression should avoid that
[16:41] <janimo> you mean we could install multiple desktops from a single image?
[16:41] <ogra_> janimo, currently the compressing happens on a panda and takes 1/3 of teh build time ... i want to move that part to nusakan
[16:41] <janimo> still, have 3 or 4 nexus flavours seems a lot of work for little gain
[16:41] <ogra_> janimo, nope, we will build multiple flavour based images
[16:42] <janimo> anyway not my business
[16:42] <ogra_> the xz compression isnt needed for te3h flavours, its needed for being able to re-roll the image during flashing for bigger than 8G devices
[16:43] <ogra_> the current one is to big to properly re-pack it, fastboot falls over then
[16:43] <ogra_> and the -S option for fastboot doesnt seem to be safe
[16:44] <ogra_> (the tarball needs to become smaller for re-packing)
[16:45] <ogra_> janimo, adding the flavours is a one line change to the crontab for each flavour
[16:45] <ogra_> thats no biggie
[16:45] <janimo> I was under the impression there is little time for extra images hence them being continuously pruned
[16:45] <ogra_> making buildtime for them is, but thats fixed by moving the compression which we have to do anyway
[16:46] <janimo> I thought the disappearance of the ac100 is a result of such shortage
[16:46] <ogra_> current buildtime is 90min ...
[16:46] <janimo> of server time and developer resources
[16:46] <ogra_> 30 of them for gzip
[16:46] <ogra_> miving to xz on the panda would double that
[16:46] <ogra_> moving the whole compression to nusakan (x86 machine) will make us get rid of that delay
[16:47] <ogra_> xz has to happen anyway ... we'll get spare time for flavours for free through it
[16:48] <ogra_> disappearance of the ac100 ?
[16:48]  * ogra_ checks, they should build 
[16:48] <ogra_> http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/lubuntu/daily-preinstalled/20130118/
[16:48] <ogra_> still there :)
[16:50] <ogra_> anyway, 10min to go ... does anyone have more questions, suggestiones etc ?
[16:51] <ogra_> seems not ...
[16:51] <ogra_> i'll try to make sure the next meeting is a bit more crowded, if any of you have questions outside of that meeting, we're around in #ubuntu-arm all day ...
[16:51] <ogra_> going once
[16:51] <ogra_> going twice
[16:52] <ogra_> meeting adjourned !
[16:52] <ogra_> #ednmeeting
[16:52] <ogra_> bah
[16:52] <ogra_> #endmeeting
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: Ubuntu Meeting Grounds | Calendar/Scheduled meetings: http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendar | Logs: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs | Meetingology documentation: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:52] <meetingology> Meeting ended Fri Jan 18 16:52:14 2013 UTC.
[16:52] <meetingology> Minutes (wiki):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-18-16.04.moin.txt
[16:52] <meetingology> Minutes (html):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-18-16.04.html
[16:52] <ogra_> thanks everyone !!!
[16:52] <Shindz> thanks
[17:13] <plars> ogra_: hi, what's up?
=== davidcalle_ is now known as davidcalle
=== Tonio_ is now known as Tonio_aw
[18:01] <CrestedNewt> Evening all, apologies for last week - was my birthday and wife took me out at last minute
[18:02] <bobweaver> well happy birthday
[18:02] <CrestedNewt> bobweaver - cheers mate
=== chiluk is now known as chiluk_away
[18:05] <CrestedNewt> So who is chairing today?
[18:06] <mhall119> hey guys
[18:07] <CrestedNewt> mhall119 - hiya!!
[18:07] <bobweaver> hey mhall119
[18:07] <mhall119> so I know we've been in kind of a holding pattern lately, waiting to see what's coming out way from the desktop team and phone team
[18:08] <mhall119> tgm isn't there, but I think he's been working on the MythTV scopes
[18:08] <CrestedNewt> @mhall119 - should we do the #meeting thing first?
[18:08] <meetingology> CrestedNewt: Error: "mhall119" is not a valid command.
[18:09] <CrestedNewt> mhall119 - should we do the #meeting thing first?
[18:09] <mhall119> #meeting
[18:09] <mhall119> @meeting
[18:09] <meetingology> mhall119: Error: "meeting" is not a valid command.
[18:09] <mhall119> :(
[18:09] <CrestedNewt> :)
[18:09] <mhall119> #startmeeting
[18:09] <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Jan 18 18:09:34 2013 UTC.  The chair is mhall119. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.
[18:09] <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired
[18:09] <mhall119> there we go
[18:10]  * tgm4883 lost track of time debugging vmware
[18:10] <CrestedNewt> and no sooner than you do tgm4883 turns up
[18:10] <mhall119> no worries, we just started
[18:10] <mhall119> tgm4883: you've been working on MythTV scopes right?
[18:10] <tgm4883> yes
[18:10] <mhall119> #topic MythTV Scopes
[18:10] <tgm4883> is bobweaver here?
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: MythTV Scopes
[18:10] <bobweaver> y
[18:10] <tgm4883> ok
[18:10] <tgm4883> so we want a progress report?
[18:10] <mhall119> tgm4883: could you give an update on your progress?
[18:10] <tgm4883> sure
[18:10] <mhall119> :)_
[18:11] <tgm4883> 2 scopes
[18:11] <tgm4883> 1st scope, display content/playback
[18:11] <tgm4883> I've resolved a bug where i hardcoded in my backend info in one place, somehow I missed it
[18:11] <tgm4883> so if anyone has been using the playback scope, it should be fixed in bzr now
[18:12] <tgm4883> I plan on packaging that up this week after a bit more testing
[18:12] <tgm4883> It displays everything that is recorded and/or in the videos storage group on the mythtv system
[18:12] <mhall119> cool
[18:12] <tgm4883> it also autoconfigures itself
[18:12] <tgm4883> I plan on putting some options in place for that, but I wanted to discuss with bobweaver about that first
[18:13] <tgm4883> mostly regarding a config utility and gconf
[18:13] <bobweaver> my hands are tied
[18:13] <bobweaver> I have no clue how the phone uses any gio or dee or anything like that
[18:13] <tgm4883> I would estimate that the playback scope is 95% complete, as I'm sure there are some minor things that need to be done
[18:13] <mhall119> yeah, so right now the front-end work really is having to wait to see where the desktop and phone are going
[18:14] <mhall119> tgm4883: cool, how about the guide scope?
[18:14] <tgm4883> Also not sure if I'll need to adapt anything for the different layouts
[18:15] <mhall119> tgm4883: the scopes shouldn't care about layout
[18:15] <bobweaver> Good question
[18:15] <tgm4883> Also, still waiting on bug #1096708 to be looked at
[18:15] <ubottu> bug 1096708 in dee (Ubuntu) "'SharedModel' object has no attribute 'append' using Python 3 on 12.04" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1096708
[18:16] <mhall119> #action mhall119 to follow up on bug #1096708 with libdee developers
[18:16] <meetingology> ACTION: mhall119 to follow up on bug #1096708 with libdee developers
[18:16] <tgm4883> mhall119, true, but for episodic content it might need an additional info from me
[18:16] <bobweaver> er
[18:16]  * tgm4883 shrugs
[18:16] <tgm4883> we'll cross that bridge when we get to it
[18:16] <mhall119> tgm4883: that bug you figured out was in the dee GIR packages right?
[18:17] <tgm4883> yea
[18:17] <mhall119> ok
[18:17] <tgm4883> I've put all the info from my testing in the report
[18:17] <tgm4883> looks like it just needs a backport
[18:17] <tgm4883> anyway, scope #2, guide data
[18:17] <mhall119> tgm4883: the upcoming scopes API should be finalized soon, I'll get you that info as soon as it's available
[18:17] <tgm4883> mhall119, awesome,, thanks
[18:18] <tgm4883> so the guide data scope is still pretty early
[18:18] <tgm4883> It needs a few things
[18:18] <tgm4883> 1) Guide lens
[18:18] <tgm4883> 2) Previews
[18:18] <tgm4883> Currently it works by using the videos lens.
[18:19] <tgm4883> It pulls all guide data every 12 hours from the backend
[18:19] <tgm4883> Searching includes title/subtitle
[18:19] <tgm4883> there is no searching of description. While I'd like to do that, we need an upstream mythtv change for that to happen
[18:19] <mhall119> tgm4883: are you able to test these in your own dash?
[18:20] <tgm4883> otherwise the guide data pull goes from 20 seconds to 90 minutes
[18:20] <tgm4883> mhall119, yes, I've been testing this scope in my 12.10 laptop
[18:20] <tgm4883> using the standard Unity and videos lens
[18:20] <mhall119> tgm4883: would you be able to do a short blog post showing off screenshots and/or screencasts?
[18:20] <tgm4883> mhall119, there really isn't anything great to show off. It would be an extremely early alpha
[18:21] <tgm4883> since it's using the videos lens, it doesn't look well at all
[18:21] <tgm4883> I suppose I could do a screencast though
[18:21] <mhall119> I think just seeing MythTV results would get people talking though
[18:21] <tgm4883> ok, I can do that
[18:21] <mhall119> thanks
[18:21] <tgm4883> Is there screencasting software I should use?
[18:21] <tgm4883> I haven't done it in quite some time
[18:21] <mhall119> #action tgm4883 to show off MythTV results in the dash
[18:21] <meetingology> ACTION: tgm4883 to show off MythTV results in the dash
[18:21] <mhall119> kazam is really nice
[18:21] <tgm4883> ok
[18:22] <mhall119> any other questions for tgm4883 about MythTV scopes?
[18:22] <bobweaver> n
[18:22] <CrestedNewt> not from me
[18:22] <tgm4883> So for a guide lens, I haven't looked much into it yet
[18:22] <tgm4883> mostly, IIRC we're waiting on unity changes
[18:22] <tgm4883> since there isn't a good layout for guide data yet
[18:23] <mhall119> tgm4883: yeah, to display a guide in the Dash will require not only API changes, but also a new renderer
[18:23] <bobweaver> er
[18:23] <bobweaver> I dont want to talk about that
[18:23] <bobweaver> I am so frustrated about all that ^^
[18:23] <mhall119> and a new renderer requires UI stuff that it waiting on more info from Canonical
[18:23] <mhall119> bobweaver: I know, we should chat in PM later
[18:23] <tgm4883> yep
[18:24] <mhall119> #topic UI work
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: UI work
[18:24] <tgm4883> But for scopes, I don't have to deal with that at all. It doesn't stop progress on my work until we actually need to do the lens
[18:24] <bobweaver> tgm4883,  what if things are not the same ?
[18:24] <mhall119> so like I've said, there's a lot we're currently waiting on that's blocking UI development
[18:24] <bobweaver> what if 13.10 is not using py like it is now there is alot inthe air
[18:24] <tgm4883> bobweaver, from a scope POV, it doesn't change that much for me
[18:25] <mhall119> there was a product sprint in SanFran this week where the future plans for Unity across all formfactors was a major point of discussion
[18:25] <tgm4883> all my scopes are python3
[18:25] <mhall119> bobweaver: python scopes are going to be okay, is what I've been told
[18:25] <bobweaver> yeah well I dont understand what "Unity" is anymore
[18:25] <tgm4883> I think moving Unity to now use python scopes/lens would be a death blow to unity
[18:25] <mhall119> originally they wanted to replace them with compiled scopes, but they decided to get optimizations using another method
[18:26] <mhall119> We should have something solid on the API side by the end of this month
[18:27] <mhall119> which I *think* is going to support guide data
[18:27] <mhall119> it'll still use Dee models, just like current Dash, but will allow custom fields
[18:27] <tgm4883> I hope so
[18:27] <bobweaver> as far as ui stuff I have everything on my end on the back burner because of the phone and what not. but that is ok ,
[18:27] <mhall119> it should all still use dconf for settings too, so either GSettings or whatever the Qt API is for dconf
[18:27] <bobweaver> qtdee has been ported ?
[18:28] <tgm4883> mhall119, so we could use any custom field, or should I be telling someone what fields are necessary for guide data
[18:28] <mhall119> bobweaver: I'll double check on that
[18:28] <mhall119> #action mhall119 to check on availability of qtdee
[18:28] <meetingology> ACTION: mhall119 to check on availability of qtdee
[18:28] <bobweaver> that is what unity 2d was using
[18:29] <bobweaver> mhall119,  I dont know if that is a big deal untill I see the backend QT/c++ code that is for phone
[18:29] <mhall119> tgm4883: there will be the current regular fields, but you can then define your own "Schema" on top of that with additional fields
[18:29] <tgm4883> mhall119, ok
[18:29] <bobweaver> the shared lib for unity and it's plugins
[18:29] <bobweaver> qt ^^
[18:29] <tgm4883> mhall119, because I'd hate for them to think of only a few fields and for us to need more
[18:29] <mhall119> so we would decide on what data we need for a Guide, make that our schema, and build scopes that provide it
[18:30] <tgm4883> mhall119, I've talked about what we need for guide data previously
[18:30] <tgm4883> IDK if it's written down anywhere though
[18:30] <mhall119> tgm4883: that's ok, since it won't be baked-in, we can make it and change it as we go until we're happy with it
[18:30] <tgm4883> ok
[18:31] <mhall119> anyway, all that should be done and public by the end of the month, or so I'm told
[18:31] <mhall119> for the rest of the Dash, we're waiting to hear how all of the different codebases are going to be merged together
[18:32] <mhall119> desktop, TV and phone
[18:32] <mhall119> which will tell us what technology to use where
[18:32] <mhall119> bobweaver is currently blocked on that
[18:32] <mhall119> and I'm working to get him unblocked
[18:32] <mhall119> so, that's all I've got on the UI topic, any questions?
[18:33] <CrestedNewt> nope
[18:33] <bobweaver> nope any questions for me ?
[18:33] <mhall119> not from me
[18:33] <bobweaver> cool
[18:33] <tgm4883> nope, sounds like we're waiting on upstream
[18:33] <CrestedNewt> nothing for bobveaver wither
[18:33] <CrestedNewt> *either
[18:34] <mhall119> any other topics to discuss?
[18:34] <CrestedNewt> I won't be around next week but I don't add that much atm
[18:34] <mhall119> CrestedNewt: no worries
[18:34] <bobweaver> I dont have anything else to add atm
[18:35] <bobweaver> I made a mockup wiht the phone sdk stuff last night
[18:35] <mhall119> #endmeeting
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: Ubuntu Meeting Grounds | Calendar/Scheduled meetings: http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendar | Logs: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs | Meetingology documentation: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[18:35] <meetingology> Meeting ended Fri Jan 18 18:35:12 2013 UTC.
[18:35] <meetingology> Minutes (wiki):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-18-18.09.moin.txt
[18:35] <meetingology> Minutes (html):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-18-18.09.html
[18:35] <mhall119> bobweaver: mockup of what?
[18:35] <bobweaver> app that is Ubuntu tv
[18:35] <bobweaver> or like a frame work
[18:35] <bobweaver> so that it is ready for implanting
[18:37] <bobweaver> soon we will all have everything that we need . exciting times :) have a good one everyone
[18:37] <mhall119> let's head back to #ubuntu-tv, then you can share links :)
[18:37] <CrestedNewt> good stuff bobweaver - catch you in a couple of weeks
=== Ursinha-afk is now known as Ursinha
=== james_w` is now known as james_w
=== Ursinha is now known as Ursinha-afk
=== Ursinha-afk is now known as Ursinha
=== chiluk_away is now known as chiluk
=== chiluk is now known as chiluk_away
=== chiluk_away is now known as chiluk
[20:43] <ptl> the Nexus 7 discussion will happen within 10 minutes, is that it?
=== chiluk is now known as chiluk_away
[21:07] <ptl> so...
[21:08] <ptl> oh...
[21:08] <ptl> it was 16:00 UTC
[21:08] <ptl> :(
[21:08] <ptl> I thought it was 16:00 EST
[21:08] <ptl> dang.
=== cmagina is now known as cmagina_away
=== cmagina_away is now known as cmagina
=== cmagina is now known as cmagina_away
=== cmagina_away is now known as cmagina
=== james_ is now known as blitzkrieg3
=== chiluk_away is now known as chiluk
=== cmagina is now known as cmagina_away
=== cmagina_away is now known as cmagina
=== cmagina is now known as cmagina_away
=== cmagina_away is now known as cmagina
=== cmagina is now known as cmagina_away
