[05:42] <jussi> shadeslayer: ping when you get up. any chance of a ppa with KTP in it that has the auth stuff? I accidentally updated and broke everything...
[05:50] <vHanda> Riddell: :)
=== mkv is now known as m4v
[07:00] <soee> good morning
[07:10] <jussi> morning soee
=== inetpro_ is now known as inetpro
[08:21] <shadeslayer> Laney: Riddell funnily enough I was looking into building ktp-call-ui with the older gst yesterday, rdieter put his patches up at http://rdieter.fedorapeople.org/rpms/ktp/
[08:21] <shadeslayer> Was going to reply today, but thanks a ton Laney
[08:23] <shadeslayer> jussi: kinda
[08:23] <shadeslayer> jussi: https://launchpad.net/~telepathy-kde/+archive/daily-builds
[08:24] <shadeslayer> I haven't gotten around to testing those packages yet
[08:24] <jussi> shadeslayer: ok, lets hope someone tests them soon, I havent got the home pc handy and Ill wait for testing on the work pc
=== Tonio_aw is now known as Tonio_
=== Tonio_ is now known as Tonio_aw
=== Tonio_aw is now known as Tonio_
[09:58] <shadeslayer> well this is fun
[09:58] <shadeslayer> kwallet lost all my passwords
[09:58] <shadeslayer> and it's completely empty
[09:58] <shadeslayer> and crash
[10:07] <soee> might be the same reason Netbeans doesnt hold passwords for servers ?
[10:07] <shadeslayer> nah
[10:07] <shadeslayer> some weird problem with kwalletd I think
[10:08] <shadeslayer> restarted it and it worked
[10:19] <apachelogger> re
[10:20] <apachelogger> salut mes amis
[10:20] <apachelogger> Riddell: shadeslayer wanted to look into porting
[10:21] <shadeslayer> uh yeah, maybe a couple of months down the line
[10:21] <shadeslayer> I'm looking into pgst right now
[10:21] <shadeslayer> not time for anything else
[10:21] <shadeslayer> *no
[10:21] <shadeslayer> or rather than months, once I finish pgst
[10:21] <apachelogger> shadeslayer: that's what I meant
[10:21] <Laney> shadeslayer: merci, will upload that stuff tomorrow
[10:21] <shadeslayer> sure
[10:21] <apachelogger> aka the question was who will port to gst1
[10:22] <shadeslayer> right
[10:22] <shadeslayer> from what I recall qgst needs porting first
[10:22] <apachelogger> Riddell: and yes they all need portery, which depending on whether those pieces of software do some sort of device listing it may be impossible to do :P
[10:22] <apachelogger> shadeslayer: pgst does not use qgst :P
[10:23] <shadeslayer> apachelogger: not pgst, i meant that in order to port ktp call ui qgst needs porting first
[10:23] <shadeslayer> since it uses qgst
[10:23] <apachelogger> ah yes
[10:23] <apachelogger> that makes sense
[10:24] <shadeslayer> not to mention gst1.0 is missing stuff so it'll contain workarounds till gst1.0 gets fixed
[10:24] <apachelogger> qtwebkit needs a direct port (i.e. I think it does not use qgst)
[10:24] <shadeslayer> hmm
[10:24] <shadeslayer> apachelogger: seeing you on IRC after quite some time
[10:25] <shadeslayer> didn't qtwebkit use phonon :P
[10:25] <apachelogger> the fact that gst1 is missing stuff is why i fear it may be hard to port some stuff at all
[10:25] <shadeslayer> yep
[10:25] <apachelogger> as you essentially needed to implement direct device probing via alsa, pulse, whathaveyou
[10:25] <shadeslayer> yeah
[10:26] <shadeslayer> Trevor said that it's a acceptable workaround till gst1.0 gets fixed
[10:26] <shadeslayer> which I think is later this year
[10:26] <apachelogger> for phonon, yes, since we have the alsa probing in place
[10:26] <shadeslayer> *nod*
[10:26] <apachelogger> (that actually would also not be possible with phonon5 as that is supposed to have only backend driven probing ... hooray for gst1 trololo)
[10:27] <shadeslayer> btw ndisgtk is still using python2 right?
[10:27] <shadeslayer> ah
[10:27] <shadeslayer> raring has python3 port
[10:54] <shadeslayer> btw can someone upload the l10n magic for quantal to beta backports?
[11:06] <apachelogger> anyone wants to sort through my mail and reply 'yes' to every?
[11:13]  * davmor2 quickly send a mail to apachelogger asking for a cheque for 1 Million Pounds Muhahahahaahaha ;)
[11:16] <mikhas> apachelogger, what about the viagra mails?
[11:17] <mikhas> are you sure you need a 10 years supply?
[11:49] <Riddell> "The Software shall be used for Good, not Evil." isn't it annoying when there's a non-free licence term in amongst otherwise GPL code
[11:54] <sheytan> Hey guys
[11:54] <sheytan> please include kipi-plugins to kubuntu default insta..
[11:54] <sheytan> install*
[11:54] <sheytan> in gwenview there's a 'share' button, but it says no plugins found. This is confusing ;)
[11:55] <sheytan> btw, you can add more wallpapers now, too
[11:55] <sheytan> we have space :)
[11:55] <Riddell> sheytan: it pulls in a bunch of stuff which means it takes up a lot of space
[11:55] <Riddell> including fun stuff like libwxgtk2.8-0
[11:56] <sheytan> Riddell so please put a notification helper
[11:56] <sheytan> like rekonq has for it ;)
[11:56] <sheytan> while first run gwenview
[11:57] <Riddell> it's a thought
[11:57] <shadeslayer> and maybe we can also add a helper for nepomuk-ffmpeg extractor now that we have a separate package for it?
[11:58] <vHanda> btw, don't you have something similar for strigi?
[11:58] <vHanda> strigi-ffmpeg?
[11:58] <shadeslayer> Riddell: you forgot a description for the ffmpeg extractor :P
[11:58] <shadeslayer> vHanda: not that I can see
[11:59] <shadeslayer> apt-cache search strigi | grep ffmpeg  returns nothing
[11:59] <vHanda> weird. I basically just copied the code from strigi, and then optimized it a little
[12:00] <shadeslayer> -- Could NOT find FFmpeg (missing:  AVCODEC_LIBRARIES AVCODEC_INCLUDE_DIRS AVFORMAT_LIBRARIES AVFORMAT_INCLUDE_DIRS) 
[12:00] <shadeslayer> we don't build with ffmpeg stuff ;)
[12:04] <sheytan> see? Thank me you have another stuff to do :D
[12:05] <sheytan> btw, the notification helper is a good stuff
[12:05] <sheytan> i have a nice list at home, what i would love to improve in next kubuntu. Will share that today evening ;)
[12:21] <Riddell> sheytan: I'll look forward to it :)
=== Tonio_ is now known as Tonio_aw
[12:33] <apachelogger> "KDE 4.10 release schedule changes, was: We are having RC3 was: Re: Another RC?, was: Re: Akonadi-Nepomuk Feeder Improvements" <- le lol
[12:34] <apachelogger> mikhas: surely not bad to have a 10 year supply of viagra
[12:34] <apachelogger> davmor2: must have ended up in spam
[12:35] <davmor2> apachelogger: damn you and your spam filtering running my chances at millions ;)
[13:12] <BluesKaj> Hey all
=== Tonio_aw is now known as Tonio_
[14:26] <soee> uhm 
[14:26] <soee> For certain workloads with the Linux 3.8 kernel the physical memory usage is lowered by a significant amount thanks to improvements within this kernel that's presently under development...
[14:26] <soee> sound good
[14:41] <BluesKaj> hope it works better then the 3.7 does on my system
[14:41] <BluesKaj> than
[14:42] <BluesKaj> well , the 3.7 kernel doesn't work at all wiuth my graphics card , geforce 8400gs
[14:43] <soee> ;D
[14:44] <soee> 12.10 uses 3.5.x ?
[14:49] <BluesKaj> soee, yes , the 3.7 is available and I tried it unsuccessfully
[14:49] <BluesKaj> on 12.10
[14:50] <soee> and 13.04 will be shipped with ?
[14:50] <BluesKaj> it's default with 13.04 
[14:50] <BluesKaj> so far 
[14:50] <soee> so are there any chance to put 3.8 there ?
[14:51] <BluesKaj> I'm hoping the 3.8 has the amd and intel 64 bit HW drivers issues solved 
[14:51] <soee> what issue ?
[14:52] <BluesKaj> 3.8 is in rc2  stage I believe
[14:54] <BluesKaj> it's difficult to tell from my perspective since using noapci and nomodest to get to the desktop is the only method that works on the live-dvd for my pc ...installing hangs and goes nowhere
[14:56] <BluesKaj> and I've seesn compalints and reports about some amd and intel 64bit pcs having the same problems
[15:00] <Riddell> shadeslayer: what's the status of plasma active 3?
[15:01] <shadeslayer> Mostly done
[15:01] <Riddell> wondering because okular is wanting a build-dep on activeapp
[15:01] <shadeslayer> awaiting testing on an ExoPC
[15:01] <shadeslayer> which will be sometime today
[15:01] <shadeslayer> assuming Shaan7 shows up :)
[15:02] <shadeslayer> hmm... activeapp ... don't remember what I did with those headers
[15:03] <shadeslayer> Riddell: build okular with plasma-active-dev in https://launchpad.net/~kubuntu-active/+archive/ppa/+packages
[15:04] <Riddell> well best to just leave it until it's in the archive I guess
[15:04] <shadeslayer> *nod*\
[15:05] <shadeslayer> I think we can upload it on Mondau
[15:05] <shadeslayer> *Monday
[15:05] <shadeslayer> assuming Shaan7 tests it
[15:05] <shadeslayer> along with kio-mtp
[15:06] <shadeslayer> Riddell: or rather, can you review and upload kio-mtp?
[15:06] <shadeslayer> Scott can pass it from New then
[15:07] <shadeslayer> it's in the experimental PPA
[15:08] <Riddell> can do
[15:08] <Riddell> shadeslayer: but you'll need to do libwlocate in return for me :)
[15:09] <Riddell> freeflying: how come libqaccessibilityclient is in a git repo called libkde... ?
[15:09] <Riddell> sorry not freeflying 
[15:09] <shadeslayer> upload libwlocate? I don't think I have upload rights
[15:09] <Riddell> fregl: how come libqaccessibilityclient is in a git repo called libkde... ?
[15:09] <Riddell> shadeslayer: nah but can you review the packaging?  it's in kubuntu-ppa/experimental
[15:09] <shadeslayer> ahh sure
[15:10] <freeflying> Riddell: no worries :)
[15:12] <shadeslayer> ->dinner()
[15:14] <Riddell> shadeslayer: kio-mtp upstream fail, files say gpl2 but LICENCE file is gpl 3
[15:14]  * Riddell fixes
[15:24] <Riddell> shadeslayer: uploaded!
=== Tonio_ is now known as Tonio_aw
[15:38] <sheytan> Guys!
[15:38] <sheytan> any news about optimus for 13.04?
[15:38] <sheytan> im about to  buy dell 15z, but i had to read alot about it to get it even boot ;D
[15:41] <Riddell> what is optimus?
=== Tonio_aw is now known as Tonio_
[15:56] <sheytan> Riddell Nvidia / intelHD switching in notebooks for powersave
[15:57] <sheytan> i can't get nvidia to work
[15:57] <sheytan> no opengl sucks ;(
[16:00] <shadeslayer> I switch off my discrete card
[16:00] <shadeslayer> just boot it using the intel card
[16:02] <fregl> Riddell: it got renamed afterwards... it's the fourth name or so...
[16:02] <shadeslayer> heh
[16:03] <Riddell> fregl: I presume I don't want to package accessibleapps?
[16:04] <Riddell> fregl: well infact first question would be do I want to package this at all?
[16:05] <Riddell> kmag wants it but I don't know how ready it is
[16:05] <fregl> Riddell: it should have a release, but I got scared when Sebastian made random api changes at some point, though I think they were not in public api...
[16:06] <fregl> Riddell: it enables kmag to track the keyboard focus and it will also help Simon doing better integration with the normal desktop
[16:06] <Riddell> sounds like something we want
[16:07] <fregl> Riddell: I would love feedback and a nudge to make a release I guess... I haven't looked at it too much lately. in the end I guess I can make a release and we can always bump .so version if needed
[16:07] <sheytan> shadeslayer: it's impossible in this device
[16:07] <sheytan> i thought about
[16:08] <fregl> Riddell: btw, do you guys have Simon 0.4 or whatever was released packages? that would be nice too - it finally got rid of all non-free dependencies for good too :)
[16:08] <Riddell> fregl: that's next on my todo list
[16:09] <fregl> \o/
[16:30] <Riddell> hi jessie_ 
[16:31] <jessie_> Howdy, Riddell 
=== Tonio_ is now known as Tonio_aw
=== Tonio_aw is now known as Tonio_
=== Tonio_ is now known as Tonio_aw
[17:47] <yofel_> shadeslayer: Launchpad was so nice to remind me why I used boost 1.46 so far:
[17:47] <yofel_>  libboost1.48-dev : Conflicts: libboost1.46-dev but 1.46.1-7ubuntu3 is to be installed
=== yofel_ is now known as yofel
[17:47] <yofel> now lets see what actually pulls that in
[17:57] <yofel> akonadi...
[17:58] <BluesKaj> tried the 3.8-rc2 kernel , but it couldn't find apport even tho it's installed 
=== Tonio_aw is now known as Tonio_
[18:24] <yofel> JontheEchidna: is it somehow possible to build qapt 1.9.65 on precise? Currently it fails and I don't get what the error is trying to tell me: https://i127870061.restricted.launchpadlibrarian.net/127870061/buildlog_ubuntu-precise-amd64.qapt_1.9.65-0ubuntu1~ubuntu12.04.1~ppa1_FAILEDTOBUILD.txt.gz?token=9393704e4873661901e2ae148d08bc40
[18:25] <JontheEchidna> yofel: 404's forme
[18:25] <yofel> JontheEchidna: https://launchpad.net/~kubuntu-ninjas/+archive/ppa/+sourcepub/2915497/+listing-archive-extra
[18:25] <JontheEchidna> ah, 12.04's GCC is too old
[18:26] <yofel> urgh
[18:26] <JontheEchidna> is QApt 2.x particularly needed for 12.04?
[18:26] <yofel> well, shadeslayer was trying to backport 4.10 to precise, and kde-runtime is stuck on qapt
[18:27] <JontheEchidna> ah, for the new language installation patch
[18:28] <JontheEchidna> hmm
[18:28] <yofel> I guess we could excavate the old qapt implementation in kde-runtime...
[18:28] <yofel> JontheEchidna: wait
[18:28] <yofel> only for that?
[18:28] <yofel> we don't even need that in precise
[18:28] <JontheEchidna> should be only that
[18:28] <JontheEchidna> it'd probably be fine to drop the patch
[18:28] <yofel> I'll try that then first
[18:29] <JontheEchidna> that's probably what shadeslayer was trying to ping me about the other day. I tried pinging him back but he hasn't responded yet
[18:29] <yofel> heh
[18:30] <JontheEchidna> I think my sleep schedule has drifted to the opposite of shadeslayer's :s
[21:24] <soee> i have installed nvidi driver, but it says "This driver is activated but not currently in use"
[21:24] <soee> any idea why?
[21:25] <yofel> soee: -> #kubuntu
[21:28] <BluesKaj> soee, it's abug , Have the same indication, but if you run,  dpkg -l | grep nvidia , you'll see the driver in use above NVIDIA binary Xorg driver
[21:33] <sheytan> Riddell till now: http://pastebin.com/utCqtE3C
[21:35] <Riddell> sheytan: could you e-mail that to kubuntu-devel so it doesn't get lost?
[21:40] <yofel> sheytan: re chromium - tried rekonq 2 yet? It's quite usable
[21:40] <sheytan> yofel: quite usable is not the point ;)
[21:41] <sheytan> plus in chrome you've got that magic called "synching" ;)
[21:41] <sheytan> and flash out of the box
[21:41] <yofel> I don't believe we have flash out of the box in chromium - that's chrome
[21:41] <yofel> IIRC firefox can sync too
[21:42] <sheytan> ok, it might be chrome only. with ff i have to agree too, but anyway :D
[21:43] <yofel> I know they have nice points, but I believe rekonq is still better integrated
[21:44] <yofel> firefox is probably out until the patches get back in (if ever), and i'm not sure how much security updates chromium gets in ubuntu
[21:44] <sheytan> i've tried it. With more then  10 tabs opend it works slowly. I'm using more then 20 sometimes 
[21:44] <yofel> if it's speed with number of tabs open then firefox wins for me, chromium is a bit of a memory hog
[21:45] <yofel> but yeah, it did notice that with rekonq
[21:45] <yofel> (but I'm still running 1.80, so I hope 2.0 is better there)
[21:46] <yofel> IIRC VLC was a license question
[21:46] <yofel> and if people need a better video player than dragon I believe it's easy to find one in muon
[21:46] <sheytan> this list is my personall feeling. You don't have to agree with me and i'm not like: EVERYTHING MUST BE THE WAY I WANT IT, so it's all to disquss
[21:46] <sheytan> btw muon
[21:47] <sheytan> this is hmmm
[21:47] <sheytan> not quite a software center
[21:47] <yofel> tried muon-discover?
[21:47] <sheytan> hope that thing someones is workign on with qml
[21:47] <sheytan> will be better
[21:48] <sheytan> yofel: will try it now
[21:48] <sheytan> i have a test machine with today's 13.04 build
[21:50] <sheytan> yofel: looks like a gimp challange for me :D
[21:50] <sheytan> who is working on this little baby?
[21:54] <yofel> iirc apol
[21:54] <yofel> JontheEchidna will know more
[21:57] <yofel> sheytan: as for the rest, kipi-plugins is a good idea, the samba kcm is indeed a pain
[21:57] <yofel> what's wrong with the wallpaper?
[21:57] <sheytan> there's only one? :)
[21:58] <sheytan> instead the 'install more' button, just add the default ones, or like ubuntu, make a contest to choose new :)
[21:58] <sheytan> what if you don't have internet access or are on 3G?
[21:58] <sheytan> like me
[21:58] <sheytan> i don't want to spent my trasfer on things that suppose to be already installed :)
[22:18] <yofel> the problem here is image space... the full kde-wallpapers tarball is 87MB now
[22:20] <allee> afiestas: is default behavior still the one you described in your blog video  screen management got magic?
[22:20] <allee> afiestas: for me external (vga) monitor is not automaticly actived (or the right).  It's in off mode. 
[22:21] <allee> afiestas: windows on external screen are not moved to the laptop screen when external monitor is unplugged :-(
[22:21] <allee> Still much magic missing ;-)
[22:22] <afiestas> allee: you shouldn't use git snapshots, that kind of shit happen
[22:22] <yofel> and here I thought I'm the only one that needs xrandr to properly set his external monitor up
[22:22] <afiestas> we haven't said it is "package ready" but well it was to be expected I guess
[22:22] <afiestas> if you update ot latest master, it should work
[22:22] <afiestas> we have had some breakage and we still have some
[22:22] <afiestas> for example Wacom eats some X11 events
[22:23] <allee> afiestas: no offence intended!  I've updated ~ 2 hours ago to git master (lib)kscreen to get the fixes of my last bug report included.
[22:24] <afiestas> update everything always, not offence taken
[22:24] <afiestas> and disable wacom kded if you want "hot plug" to work 
[22:25] <allee> afiestas: Ping me when it's a good time to sync pkgs with git in the meantime I work on the (not yet existing) quality of  the pkgs ;-)
[22:25]  * allee checks wacom stuff ...
[22:25] <afiestas> allee: as I said, package everything asap
[22:25] <afiestas> critical stuf is being touched/improved/broken one commit could work, the next one break everything
[22:27] <jessie_> afiestas: ARe you the maker of kscreen?
[22:28] <allee> afiestas: :-)   That's why I asked.  I don't want to waste time to create valuable bug report when you know that git is currently broken.    You can imply that I've tried with current master when I ask/report 
[22:31] <yofel> shadeslayer: 4.10 for precise is done once you have time to backport indi, that seems to need some other libs backported and I don't have time to look at the risks right now
[22:37] <sheytan> yofell: we don't have to fit into a CD anymore ;)
[22:41] <yofel> it turns out that there's plenty of other things you can fill 1G with...
[22:41] <yofel> I haven't looked at the current size though, so maybe we can do something
