=== hggdh_AFK is now known as hggdh
=== imbrando1 is now known as nodnaebmi
=== Quintasan_ is now known as Quintasan
=== Sweetsha1k is now known as Sweetshark
=== yofel_ is now known as yofel
[16:01]  * slangasek waves
[16:01] <slangasek> #startmeeting
[16:01] <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jan 16 16:01:58 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.
[16:01] <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired
[16:02] <jodh> o/
[16:03]  * stgraber waves
[16:03] <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: lightning round
[16:04] <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra cjwatson xnox stokachu)
[16:04] <slangasek> bdmurray stokachu stgraber xnox jodh doko barry slangasek cjwatson ev ogra
[16:04] <slangasek> bdmurray: you're on :)
[16:04] <bdmurray> rolled out errors branch allowing for source package searching
[16:04] <bdmurray> pushed errors branch fixing issue with width of the frequency bar
[16:04] <bdmurray> pushed daisy branch creating a counter for release:src_package to facilitate regression detection
[16:04] <bdmurray> discussion with evan regarding error tracker and phased updates
[16:04] <bdmurray> updated https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/PhasedUpdates
[16:05] <bdmurray> tested team view change to errors in canonistack
[16:05] <bdmurray> submitted an RT to have webstats for errors.ubuntu.com
[16:05] <bdmurray> discovered, researched and reported bug 1098250 regarding suspendresume crashes
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1098250 in Apport "unable to send suspend resume crash from raring" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1098250
[16:05] <bdmurray> investigation into inability to report distribution upgrade crashes from quantal to raring
[16:05] <bdmurray> created a test case for bug 1077253 regarding apport
[16:05] <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader branch fixing bugs 1072828, 1068874, 1093697, 1098001, 1067542
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1077253 in apport (Ubuntu Quantal) "possible for ExecutableTimestamp to not be for the binary in ExecutablePath" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077253
[16:05] <bdmurray> verification of Q SRU for aptdaemon bug 1060505
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1072828 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "[REGRESSION] release upgrader tool became untranslated" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1072828
[16:05] <bdmurray> uploaded P,Q SRU for aptdaemon bug 1078544
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1067542 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "possible for some do-release-upgrade crashes to be unreportable" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1067542
[16:05] <bdmurray> uploaded udev to R and a P SRU for bug 1099278
[16:05] <bdmurray> resolved an issue with arsenal not completely removing bug tasks
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1093697 in Ubuntu Translations "check-new-release-gtk appears untranslated" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1093697
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1068874 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "does not need to enable apport" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1068874
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1098001 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "DistUpgradeController calls apport with a source package as an argument" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1098001
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1060505 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Quantal) "Google Chrome is a "package of bad quality"" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1060505
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1078544 in aptdaemon (Debian) "python-aptdaemon: upgrading marks auto-installed packages as manual" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078544
[16:05] <ubottu> bug 1099278 in udev (Ubuntu Precise) "Network devices with a MAC with prefix 2c:c2:60 should not be have a persistent rule" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1099278
[16:05] <bdmurray> ‚åÅ done ‚åÅ
[16:06] <stokachu_> - Working on a lot of internal SEG projects this month, nothing public facing to report this week. done.
[16:06] <stgraber>  - Upstart (BLUEPRINT: foundations-r-upstart-user-session-enhancements)
[16:06] <stgraber>   - Working on the session socket code, going through reviews/fixes cycles now.
[16:06] <stgraber>   - Poking at a libnih bug preventing the upstart-event-bridge from working as a user.
[16:06] <stgraber>   - Talks on shutdown/reboot/logout sequence.
[16:06] <stgraber>  - Container (BLUEPRINT: servercloud-r-lxc)
[16:06] <stgraber>   - Code reviews.
[16:06] <stgraber>   - LXC upstream now supports user namespaces.
[16:06] <stgraber>   - Ported libcap to bionic, got LXC to build agsinst it.
[16:06] <stgraber>   - Re-implemented utmpx.h within LXC when building with bionic.
[16:06] <stgraber>  - Other
[16:06] <stgraber>   - Tracked down a cups-browsed bug causing a lot of upstart job respawns when avahi isn't enabled.
[16:06] <stgraber>   - Some follow-up on a weird biosdevname issue.
[16:07] <stgraber>   - Upgraded to a 3.8 kernel, helped track down a regression on ThinkPad x230/t430, fix sent upstream by Seth.
[16:07] <stgraber>   - Helped Serge track down my weird mount/loop device bug (loop devices aren't freeed under weird conditions).
[16:07] <stgraber>   - Got some new monitors with fancy DisplayPort chaining, so I've been fixing a few gnome-control-center bugs and helping debug kernel bugs.
[16:07] <stgraber>  - Networking (BLUEPRINT: foundations-r-networking)
[16:07] <stgraber>   - Some e-mails/bug activity on isc-dhcp-server-ldap not actually having LDAP support in 4.2.
[16:07] <stgraber>  - TODO
[16:07] <stgraber>   - Go through the isc-dhcp and resolvconf bugs.
[16:07] <stgraber>   - Try to apply redhat's fiberchannel patchset to our isc-dhcp.
[16:07] <stgraber> (DONE)
[16:07] <xnox> * usb-creator-fastboot:
[16:07] <xnox>  - made fastboot work to flash nexus7 images without sudo
[16:07] <xnox>  - made usbcreator to pop-up when nexus7 is plugged in (in a branch)
[16:07] <xnox>  - todo fastboot backend (reusing recipes from nexus7-installer)
[16:07] <xnox> * lp:~xnox/upstart/user-log-dir
[16:07] <xnox>  - user upstart logging, work in progress (some review comments to address)
[16:07] <xnox> * patch pilot tuesday (report sent)
[16:08] <xnox> * unbreak devscripts, usb-creator
[16:08] <xnox> * upload ubiquity and minor merges (dmraid, pyxdg)
[16:08] <xnox> * discussed with server team that we want to keep clustered lvm
[16:08] <xnox>   support (dropped in debian)
[16:08] <xnox> ..
[16:08] <jodh> - Blueprint:
[16:08] <jodh>   - Upstart setenv+getenv MP raised. Working on '--global' option. Further
[16:08] <jodh>     feedback appreciated:
[16:08] <jodh>     https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/setenv+getenv/+merge/142939
[16:08] <jodh>   - Reviewed lp:~xnox/upstart/user-log-dir.
[16:08] <jodh>   - Reviewed lp:~stgraber/upstart/upstart-session-socket.
[16:08] <jodh>   - Added Shutdown details to Enhanced Sessions Spec - awaiting feedback:
[16:08] <jodh>     https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FoundationsTeam/Specs/RaringUpstartUserSessions#Shutdown_Details
[16:08] <jodh>   - Started work on preliminary shutdown code.
[16:08] <jodh> - SRU:
[16:08] <jodh>   - Investigating ARM build failure for SRU bug 980917.
[16:08] <ubottu> bug 980917 in upstart (Ubuntu Precise) "Failed to create pty - disabling logging for job [SRU]" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/980917
[16:08] <jodh> - Other:
[16:08] <jodh>   - Investigating a customer issue.
[16:08] <jodh>   - Investigated ureadahead bug 1085766
[16:08] <jodh>   - Fixed bug 1096531 - awaiting feedback:
[16:08] <ubottu> bug 1085766 in ureadahead (Ubuntu) "/var/log/upstart/ureadahead.log contains garbage" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1085766
[16:08] <jodh>     https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1096531/+merge/143314
[16:08] <ubottu> bug 1096531 in upstart (Ubuntu) "After touch /forcefsck and reboot: Assertion failed in log_clear_unflushed" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1096531
[16:09] <jodh> üÄü
[16:09] <jodh>  
[16:09] <doko> - OpenJDK 7 security update
[16:09] <doko> - get creduce built and packaged, using it to scale down preprocessed source files
[16:09] <doko> - got multiarch patches into the 4.6 and 4.7 gcc branches
[16:09] <doko> - GCC 4.8 update
[16:09] <doko> - buildd baby sitting
[16:09] <doko> - merged remaining GCC bits from the cross toolchains back into GCC
[16:09] <doko> - updated the armhf, arm64 and powerpc cross compilers
[16:09] <doko> (done)
[16:10] <barry> oneconf: re-enable py2 support and bug 1088536; also enabled autopkgtests. ported lazr.config to py3; released lazr.config, lazr.delegates, lazr.smtptest.  looked into bug 1097783.  python security issues.  distribute bug #349 (crash on setup.py with BOM).  done.
[16:10] <ubottu> bug 1088536 in oneconf (Ubuntu) "Updating packaging for Python 3" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1088536
[16:10] <ubottu> bug 1097783 in genshi (Ubuntu) "re module apis return longs now" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1097783
[16:10] <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 349 could not be found
[16:13] <cjwatson> jodh: ARM> yeah, I've been retrying it from time to time, to no avail :-/
[16:13] <ev> Geez! Hurry up, slangasek. I want to make a tea.
[16:14] <slangasek> ev: :P
[16:14] <ogra_> just make a strong tea then :)
[16:15] <slangasek>  * travel last week through Wednesday, then was out sick over the weekend + Monday with the flu, so little to report
[16:15] <slangasek>  * have been working to help the Kylin team get oriented so they can meet alpha2 for 13.04
[16:15] <slangasek>  * recovery mode has regressed due to the recent mountall SRU, so working on fixing that (bug #1099349)
[16:15] <ubottu> bug 1099349 in mountall (Ubuntu Quantal) "mountall 2.36.3 hangs in recovery-menu (lvm; mountall 2.36 has no issue)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1099349
[16:15] <slangasek> (done)
[16:16] <cjwatson> Build fixes: pyparted (with Tim), sivp, gnumeric
[16:16] <cjwatson> 12.04.2: Switched to X enablement stack for relevant images; cleaned up various associated issues due to having to use metapackages.
[16:16] <cjwatson> Phased updates: Reviewed spec and discussed with ev/bdmurray/wgrant; fixed up some glitches in update-manager; started on Launchpad implementation.
[16:16] <cjwatson> Cross-building: Further work on backporting architecture qualifier support to Debian buildds; met up with Wookey for status check.
[16:16] <cjwatson> Continued work on removing nested functions from GRUB.
[16:16] <cjwatson> Hard thinking about the situation where the language and location selected during installation don't identify a valid locale (bug 1094872).
[16:16] <ubottu> bug 1094872 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "Installation information cause letter format instead of DIN A4" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1094872
[16:16] <cjwatson> Looking at entropy pool issues at first boot (bug 1098299).
[16:16] <ubottu> bug 1098299 in installation-report (Ubuntu) "entropy pool should be seeded earlier in boot process" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1098299
[16:16] <cjwatson> ..
[16:17] <ev> - Continued work on the prodstack error tracker deployment.
[16:17] <ev>   - I've moved my testing over to EC2 from canonistack. Between the resource
[16:17] <ev>     limits (I couldn't spawn 15+ instances) and frequently getting instances in
[16:17] <ev>     the error state, canonistack was really slowing me down.
[16:17] <ev>     We need to fix this though. EC2 is expensive ($15 for two days usage), and
[16:17] <ev>     the error tracker infrastructure now cannot fit on canonistack without
[16:17] <ev>     modifying people's resource limits, which hinders our ability to test and
[16:17] <ev>     on-ramp developers.
[16:17] <ev>   - Fixing bugs in charms along the way. Pushed one fix to jjo for Cassandra,
[16:17] <ev>     and filed bug 1099917 for the other.
[16:17] <ev>   - Fixed bug 1100245 in juju with https://code.launchpad.net/~ev/juju/fix-1100245/+merge/143483
[16:17] <ev>   - A few bugs to iron out, but we're close. Webops is supposed to be picking
[16:17] <ev>     this up and throwing it at stagingstack, but they're firefighting.
[16:17] <ubottu> bug 1099917 in cassandra (Juju Charms Collection) "Cassandra charm changes cluster name incorrectly" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1099917
[16:17] <ev> - Code review for Brian. Discussions on the implementation of phased updates.
[16:17] <ubottu> bug 1100245 in juju "exceptions.UnboundLocalError: local variable 'settings' referenced before assignment" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1100245
[16:18] <ogra_> done ?
[16:18] <slangasek> he paused for breath
[16:18] <ogra_> doesnt sound like breath :)
[16:19] <ogra_> more like chatting :P
[16:20] <jodh> cjwatson: thanks :) We have fixed the issue in newer releases so I'll cherry-pick the relevant bits and make a .2 release for precise.
[16:20] <ev> - Code review for Brian. Discussions on the implementation of phased updates.
[16:20] <ev> - Started implementing "silent error types" after discussion with Martin:
[16:20] <ev>   https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker#error
[16:20] <ev> (DONE)
[16:20] <ogra_> done:
[16:20] <ogra_>  * started fiddling with porting the nx7 images to xz compression
[16:20] <ogra_>  * looked into porting update-notifier to pkexec (then only xdiagnose will keep gksu on the cd)
[16:20] <ogra_>  * started on fiddling with tegra3 gstreamer codecs, seems there is half a community port to gst 1.0 already
[16:20] <ogra_> todo:
[16:20] <ogra_>  * discuss livefs builder situation with infinity (carried over from last week)
[16:20] <ogra_>  * fix plymouth vs console-setup racing somehow (likely needs cjwatson advice) to allow initrd-less booting
[16:20] <ogra_> ..
[16:21] <slangasek> cool
[16:21] <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: Bugs
[16:21] <slangasek> bdmurray?
[16:22] <bdmurray> bug 1093819 looks interesting
[16:22] <ubottu> bug 1093819 in Wubi "Wubi installed 12.10 amd64 without configuring i386" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1093819
[16:23] <bdmurray> I have not tested it myself though
[16:23] <slangasek> cjwatson: any idea about that one?  where are we running dpkg --add-architecture now?
[16:24] <cjwatson> apt-setup
[16:24] <cjwatson> generators/01setup
[16:25] <cjwatson> controlled by apt-setup/multiarch preseeding, which defaults to "i386" on amd64 and empty on all other arches
[16:25] <slangasek> is it possible preseeding isn't working right under wubi?
[16:25] <cjwatson> don't see wubi preseeding that
[16:25] <xnox> and there is dpkg maint script to add i386.
[16:25] <slangasek> ah
[16:25] <cjwatson> slangasek: it would have to be actively preseeding it *off*
[16:26] <cjwatson> should be easy to look in the preinstalled image and check, I guess
[16:26] <cjwatson> oh yes, of course, preinstalled image so it might not run apt-setup
[16:26]  * cjwatson forgets the exact details of the new setup - ev?
[16:26] <cjwatson> even so, dpkg.postinst should take care of it
[16:27] <ev> oh hi
[16:27] <ev> it's been a while for me too :), but:
[16:28] <ev> compressed disk image unpacked, then small initramfs tomfoolery
[16:28] <ev> for initial setup
[16:29] <cjwatson> how much of ubiquity does it go through, if anyy?
[16:29] <cjwatson> *any
[16:29] <ev> none
[16:29] <cjwatson> ok, so it's purely about the preinstalled image
[16:30] <ev> lupin -> scripts/local-bottom/lupin_setup
[16:30]  * cjwatson peers at cdimage
[16:30] <cjwatson> oh great, it's a tar of a root.disk so I can't easily inspect it locally ...
[16:30]  * ev whistles
[16:31] <ev> hey man, I just make the tea around this place. Any name you find in bzr blame that looks similar to mine is purely coincidental.
[16:31] <cjwatson> so, er, somebody with vaguely fast networking might like to download/unpack/loop-mount http://releases.ubuntu.com/12.10/ubuntu-12.10-wubi-amd64.tar.xz and see what its dpkg metadata looks like
[16:32] <bdmurray> so then an automatic upgrade test is failing in bug 1096022
[16:32] <ubottu> bug 1096022 in update-manager (Ubuntu) ""E:Error, pkgProblemResolver::Resolve generated breaks" during lucid->precise universe upgrade of amd64" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1096022
[16:33] <slangasek> bdmurray: can you follow up on that download/unpack/loop-mount after the meeting, then?
[16:33] <bdmurray> slangasek: yes, downloading now
[16:34] <slangasek> cool
[16:34] <slangasek> bdmurray: hum, so this is a *new* upgrade failure in the jenkins autotester?
[16:34] <bdmurray> slangasek: that's the impression I got
[16:35] <slangasek> do we know what date it started happening?  Maybe we can trace it to a particular SRU's publication
[16:35] <bdmurray> hrm, actually it looks intermittent
[16:35] <bdmurray> https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/view/Precise/view/Upgrade%20Testing%20Dashboard/job/precise-upgrade-lucid-universe/ARCH=amd64,LTS=lts,PROFILE=universe,label=upgrade-test/
[16:36] <slangasek> oh, well then :P
[16:36] <bdmurray> Okay, I'll look at that in more depth.
[16:37] <bdmurray> Who could I talk to about understanding the pkgProblemResolver logs though?
[16:37]  * slangasek raises his hand
[16:37] <bdmurray> great
[16:37] <bdmurray> somebody in my timezone even!
[16:38] <bdmurray> I ran across bug 1077551 again and it seems worrisome to me
[16:38] <ubottu> bug 1077551 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "Installing Machinarium removes the desktop" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077551
[16:39] <slangasek> something's strange about that jenkins build, though; why is Dec 27, 2012 the oldest run of the job?
[16:39] <slangasek> did we lose history?
[16:39] <bdmurray> there was a comment from glatzor regarding 'We already don't allow to remove "essential" packages by using aptdaemon, e.g ubuntu-minimal. Perhaps we should add some more to the list (e.g. unity or even ubuntu-desktop)?'
[16:41] <slangasek> I'm not sure that's something that should be a policy in aptdaemon
[16:41] <slangasek> update-manager has that kind of policy, and maybe software-center should too
[16:43] <bdmurray> so I'll follow up with the software center team then?
[16:45] <slangasek> sounds good to me
[16:46] <bdmurray> then looking at errors.ubuntu.com this has a high instance count
[16:46] <bdmurray> https://errors.ubuntu.com/bucket/?id=%2Fusr%2Fbin%2Flsb_release%3AIOError%3A%3Cmodule%3E%3Amain%3Acheck_modules_installed%3Agetoutput%3Agetstatusoutput
[16:47] <ogra_> err, what ?
[16:48]  * ogra_ gets a weird bluescreen here
[16:48] <bdmurray> hmm the instance I looked at has a ProcCmdline of /usr/bin/python -Es /usr/bin/lsb_release -a
[16:48] <ogra_> clicking it gets me to http://www.homestarrunner.com/sbemail118.html
[16:50] <ogra_> ev, is that on purpose or some bad joke i dont understand ?
[16:50] <slangasek> bdmurray: very strange; why would we start seeing failures from lsb_release in 12.04, 9 months after release?
[16:50] <ev> it means there's an error in the code
[16:50] <ev> and it's not a bad joke! :)
[16:50] <bdmurray> ogra_: it could be a great joke you don't understand.
[16:50] <ev> yeah!
[16:50] <ogra_> well, i got from the SSO page directly to that bluescreenish page
[16:50] <ogra_> pretty scary
[16:51] <ogra_> telling me i have a virus
[16:51] <cjwatson> in the past I've seen failures from lsb_release which were due to people building derivatives and misconfiguring /etc/lsb-release
[16:51] <ev> yup, digging at your error now
[16:51] <cjwatson> not sure that fits this case though
[16:51] <barry> i just get an sso page loop
[16:51] <ogra_> i get that when i try it in a second tab
[16:52] <jodh> barry: I did too until I clicked all the checkboxes :)
[16:52] <ev> yeah, you need to send your team
[16:52] <ev> I have a branch that makes this a bit more clear
[16:52] <ev> ogra_: could you try again?
[16:52] <ev> just trying to figure out which error is yours
[16:52]  * barry goes click-n-clack
[16:52] <ogra_> ev, works now
[16:53] <ev> damn, though it looks like it's unicode fun
[16:53] <cjwatson> and ECHILD is just a bizarre thing to happen there
[16:53] <cjwatson> that kind of looks like "somebody else reaped my child process before I could"
[16:54] <jodh> bdmurray: btw - have you seen bug 1100198?
[16:54] <ubottu> bug 1100198 in apport (Ubuntu) "source_linux.py logic fails to detect 3.8.0-0-generic as an Ubuntu kernel" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1100198
[16:54] <bdmurray> jodh: no, I'll have a look
[16:57] <slangasek> bdmurray: do you want to open a bug report for the lsb_release crash, and we can add it to the stack?  It doesn't look urgent
[16:58] <bdmurray> slangasek: sounds good
[16:58] <slangasek> anything else?
[16:58] <bdmurray> there might have an apport sru that changed this
[16:58] <slangasek> hmm
[16:59] <bdmurray> anyway, that is all
[16:59] <slangasek> ok
[16:59] <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: AOB
[16:59] <slangasek> anything else else?
[17:00] <cjwatson> I was wondering about an idea for the build-dep-substitution problem in cross-builds
[17:00] <cjwatson> (e.g. that when you see Build-Depends: gcc-4.6, you probably actually want Build-Depends: gcc-4.6:native, gcc-4.6-$HOST_TRIPLET)
[17:01] <cjwatson> What would people (esp. doko, infinity) think about a scheme whereby packages that need this kind of substitution done have some field in their package metadata (Cross-Available: yes or something) to say so?
[17:01] <cjwatson> It would beat writing a big list into sbuild and dpkg-checkbuilddeps, having to look at the apt cache in dpkg-checkbuilddeps, or any of the other heuristics I've been able to think of
[17:02] <slangasek> cjwatson: maybe we can take that to #ubuntu-devel for follow-up?
[17:03] <slangasek> sorry, I'm being pulled into meetings for the client sprint :)
[17:03] <cjwatson> Fair enough, or I might just take it to debian-devel since I believe there's an appropriate thread there at the moment
[17:03] <slangasek> ok
[17:03] <slangasek> #endmeeting
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: Ubuntu Meeting Grounds | Calendar/Scheduled meetings: http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendar | Logs: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs | Meetingology documentation: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[17:03] <meetingology> Meeting ended Wed Jan 16 17:03:39 2013 UTC.
[17:03] <meetingology> Minutes (wiki):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-16-16.01.moin.txt
[17:03] <meetingology> Minutes (html):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-16-16.01.html
[17:03] <slangasek> thanks, everyone!
[17:03] <ogra_> thanks
[17:03] <stgraber> thanks!
[17:03] <barry> thanks!
[17:06] <jodh> thanks!
[17:09] <xnox> cheers.
=== zequence_ is now known as zequence
=== adam_g_ is now known as adam_g
