[00:39] <sergiusens> cjwatson: for testing purposes, I'm looking into adding extra data into the manifest under our CI, something like source: {vcs-bzr: 'lp:...', vcs-rev: '...'} ... technically it works and I can retrieve the autopilot tests from bzr. I'm just wondering if you had a better idea
=== Nitrodex is now known as Guest54726
=== _salem is now known as salem_
[02:23] <SpamapS> Hrm.. something wonky in Ubuntu 13.04 vs. 12.10 and earlier..
[02:23] <SpamapS>     sed -i -e 's/\(^GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX.*\)"$/\1 nomodeset vga=normal"/' /etc/default/grub
[02:23] <SpamapS> used to ensure we'd get no graphical consoles
=== a16g_ is now known as ypwong
=== salem_ is now known as _salem
=== tvoss|eod is now known as tvoss
[05:42] <mardy> dobey: pong :-)
[07:06] <dholbach> good morning
=== dosaboy is now known as dosaboy__
[09:00] <infinity> @pilot out
=== udevbot changed the topic of #ubuntu-devel to: Ubuntu 13.04 released | Archive: open | Devel of Ubuntu (not support or app devel) | build failures -> http://qa.ubuntuwire.com/ftbfs/ | #ubuntu for support and discussion of lucid -> raring | #ubuntu-app-devel for app development on Ubuntu http://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopment | See #ubuntu-bugs for http://bit.ly/lv8soi | Patch Pilots:
=== tkamppeter_ is now known as tkamppeter
=== mnepton is now known as mneptok
=== dpm_ is now known as dpm
=== MacSlow is now known as MacSlow|lunch
[11:38] <mdeslaur> diwic: there is an apparmor API that pulseaudio can use to determine if a client is confined. Please ask tyhicks about it when he gets here
[11:39] <diwic> mdeslaur, okay
[11:39] <diwic> mdeslaur, so yet another build dependency for PulseAudio (apparmor) then?
[11:39] <diwic> mdeslaur, do you think we should have a meeting about PulseAudio + touch + security?
[11:40] <mdeslaur> diwic: we can do that...please invite me, tyhicks and jdstrand
[11:41] <diwic> mdeslaur, btw, a quick question; I added rtkit to my test image, which PulseAudio talks to over system dBus. Is this prohibited on touch?
[11:41] <mdeslaur> diwic: no, that's fine
[11:41] <diwic> mdeslaur, if it's working just like on the desktop then it's something else, but I figured it was worth asking before digging deeper
[11:42] <mdeslaur> I'm not aware of any reason that wouldn't work on touch
[11:42] <diwic> ok
[11:42] <mdeslaur> unless consolekit isn't working on touch or something
[11:44] <diwic> mdeslaur, consolekit? I thought we switched to logind.
[11:44] <mdeslaur> d'uh, yes, logind
[11:47] <tumbleweed> doko: the bug I mentioned last night http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=719485
[11:47] <ubottu> Debian bug 719485 in src:inventor "[inventor] please explicitly link Decal.so against libc" [Wishlist,Open]
=== MacSlow|lunch is now known as MacSlow
[12:17] <tkamppeter> I have removed the binary package ghostscript-cups and have moved the contents into cups-filters, is it OK if cups-filters has breaks/conflicts/replaces: ghostscript-cups? Or do I need a ghostscript-cups transitional package (provided by which source package and what should it depend on?). How can I make an update uninstall the current ghostscript-cups when cups-filters 1.0.36 gets installed?
[12:17] <tkamppeter> pitti: ^^
=== _salem is now known as salem_
=== gusch_ is now known as gusch|lunch
=== mdeslaur_ is now known as mdeslaur
[12:51] <sergiusens> cjwatson: hey, did you see my Q about click manifest entries for testing?
=== gusch|lunch is now known as gusch
[12:54] <tkamppeter> Anyone can help me with a packaging issue?
[12:58] <pete-woods> fginther: good morning!
[12:59] <pete-woods> fginther: would you be able to regenerate the libqtdbustest and libqtdbusmock jenkins jobs? they don't seem to have picked up the test and coverage reporting that is configured in the back-end configuration
=== pete-woods is now known as pete-woods-lunch
[13:54] <fginther> pete-woods-lunch, updating jobs now
[14:43] <fginther> pete-woods-lunch, I've finished regenerating the jobs, please let me know if they need more love
[15:05] <pete-woods> fginther: thanks! that seems to have fixed it!
[15:07] <bdmurray> ev: bug 982082 has a couple of links to errors that no longer work (see comment #6).  Do you know what might have caused this?
[15:07] <ubottu> bug 982082 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade crashed with IOError in init_proxy(): [Errno 5] Input/output error" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/982082
[15:07] <ev> bdmurray: they're probably on the old database
[15:08] <ev> they're not gone forever. We have a plan to merge the data back in, but it's going to take a couple of weeks
[15:08] <nemo> http://m8y.org/images/temp.png (??) http://m8y.org/tmp/temp.txt (what I see on terminal)
[15:09] <bdmurray> ev: but I should be able to find similar ones just with a lower count?
[15:11] <jamespage> barry, hey - I was looking at setuptools/distribute merging upstream and someone pointed me at your mail to the debian-python ML
[15:12] <jamespage> barry, are you planning any work in that area this cycle?
[15:19] <stokachu> dholbach: i updated that keepalive merge with your suggested changes
[15:19] <stokachu> dholbach: i dont think it qualifies as a full sync so i kept it as a merge
[15:27] <barry> jamespage: i'd like to, but i'm pretty busy with phone stuff so i don't know if i'll get to it :(
[15:27] <jamespage> barry, thats fine - I just wanted to check that I'm not stepping on your toes or anything if I do
[15:27] <barry> jamespage: no, it would be fantastic if you take it on
[15:28] <barry> jamespage: and i'd be happy to review/test/sponsor
[15:28] <jamespage> barry, thanks
[15:30] <mdeslaur> bdrung: any chance of a new version of ubuntu-dev-tools soon?
[15:31] <ev> bdmurray: I don't follow your question
[15:32] <ev> bdmurray: oh right. Yes :)
[15:32] <bdmurray> ev: I could go to e.u.c/?package=ubuntu-release-upgrader and look for similar IOError crashes
[15:32] <ev> bdmurray: you could look it up by the actual crash signature
[15:43] <dholbach> stokachu, ok cool - will take a look in a bit
[15:44] <stokachu> dholbach: no worries, thanks for the help
[15:46] <pete-woods> fginther: so that change seems to have enabled coverage reporting, but I can't seem to autoland any more (with strange build errors)
[15:46] <pete-woods> fginther: http://s-jenkins:8080/job/libqtdbustest-saucy-amd64-autolanding/4/console
[15:46] <fginther> pete-woods, looking
[15:46] <pete-woods> fginther: thanks :)
[15:46] <fginther> gah!!!
[15:55] <fginther> pete-woods, I found the problem, I've reapproved to retest and will monitor
[15:59] <pete-woods> fginther: excellent, thanks!
=== rickspencer3_ is now known as rickspencer3
=== natefinch is now known as natefinch-lunch
=== Sweetsha1k is now known as Sweekshark
=== natefinch-lunch is now known as natefinch
=== JZTech101 is now known as JZ|Zzz
=== JZ|Zzz is now known as JZTech101
=== JZTech101 is now known as JZ|Zzz
=== JZ|Zzz is now known as JZTech101
[17:56] <punter> I'm new: I have 3 packages I want to upload to launchpad, 1 is dependent on 2 and 2 on 3. Should I offer them through the same PPA or set up different PPAs given that some people might want to download just 3, or just 2+3 ?
[17:58] <beuno> punter, I don't think you can depend on packages in other PPAs, so you would have to ship them all in the same one
[17:59] <punter> Thanks beuno
[18:40] <knocte> Cimi: ping
[19:24] <achiang> punter: yeah, what beuno said. just put them all in the same PPA
[19:24] <punter> thanks achiang
=== lifeless_ is now known as lifeless
[20:26] <bdrung> mdeslaur: i wanted to upload it to debian after you asked me, but it fails in an unstable pbuilder instance: https://paste.debian.net/24738/
[20:29] <mdeslaur> bdrung: :(
[20:29] <mdeslaur> lool: ^
[20:34] <mdeslaur> bdrung: perhaps replace "name = name.decode(encoding)" with "name = name and name.decode(encoding)"
=== Nisstyre-laptop is now known as nisstyre
[20:56] <bdrung> mdeslaur: name and name.decode(encoding)?
[20:56] <mdeslaur> yeah, if name != None, it will do the decode
[20:57] <mdeslaur> else it won't
[20:57] <bdrung> okay. if name: name = ... is easier to read
[20:57] <mdeslaur> sure, that works too
[20:57] <bdrung> mdeslaur: will you commit that change?
[20:58] <mdeslaur> uh, sure, one sec
[20:58] <bdrung> thanks
[21:00] <punter> I'm new: When I upload a source package to launchpad, does it automatically get built for every (recent) release of Ubuntu? If not, is there an automatic way to do it other than submit many times?
[21:02] <mdeslaur> bdrung: done, thanks
[21:04] <punter> someone? :(
[21:04] <beuno> punter, so, this is not the right channel to ask for help with PPAs, this is specifically targetted to developing the core of Ubuntu
[21:04] <beuno> punter, I'd suggest #launchpad
[21:05] <punter> Ok, thanks!
=== JZTech101 is now known as JZ|Zzz
[21:19] <bdrung> mdeslaur: thanks & uploaded.
=== robin is now known as Chompchomp
=== salem_ is now known as _salem
=== JZ|Zzz is now known as JZTech101
=== bschaefer_ is now known as bschaefer
=== infinity2 is now known as infinity
