=== yofel_ is now known as yofel
=== chiluk is now known as chiluk_away
=== chiluk_away is now known as chiluk
[02:49] <srwood> #kernal
=== BEC is now known as alpha_
=== alpha_ is now known as BEC
=== chiluk is now known as chiluk_away
=== doko__ is now known as doko
=== yofel_ is now known as yofel
=== Sweetsha1k is now known as Sweetshark
=== Ursinha_ is now known as Ursinha
=== rsalveti_ is now known as rsalveti
=== chiluk_away is now known as chiluk
[15:59] <stokachu> o/
[16:00] <cjwatson> brains
[16:00]  * slangasek waves
[16:01] <slangasek> #startmeeting
[16:01] <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jan 23 16:01:09 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.
[16:01] <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired
[16:01]  * stgraber waves
[16:02] <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: lightning round
[16:02] <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra cjwatson xnox stokachu)
[16:02] <slangasek> jodh stokachu stgraber bdmurray ogra doko xnox barry slangasek ev cjwatson
[16:02] <jodh> * blueprints:
[16:02] <jodh>   - foundations-r-upstart-stateful-re-exec: DONE
[16:02] <jodh>   - foundations-r-upstart-roadmap: NOPROGRESS
[16:02] <jodh>   - foundations-r-arm-ubiquity: NOPROGRESS (btw - who assigned 'implement reboot in the oem-config' to me?)
[16:02] <jodh>   - foundations-r-upstart-user-session-enhancements:
[16:02] <jodh>     - Updated spec updates for shutdown and event prefixing.
[16:02] <jodh>     - Reworked workitems plan.
[16:02] <jodh>     - Reviewed and merged lp:~stgraber/upstart/upstart-session-socket.
[16:02] <jodh>     - Reviewed and merged lp:~xnox/upstart/user-log-dir.
[16:02] <jodh>     - Reviewed lp:~stgraber/upstart/upstart-make-event-bridge-usable.
[16:03] <jodh>     - Worked on removal of existing sessions code.
[16:03] <jodh>     - Worked on adding list-sessions.
[16:03] <jodh>     - Worked on setenv+getenv branch.
[16:03] <jodh> * upstart
[16:03] <jodh>     - Tweaked lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-881885 after comments from cjwatson.
[16:03] <jodh>     - Uploaded fix for bug 1096531.
[16:03] <ubottu> bug 1096531 in upstart "After touch /forcefsck and reboot: Assertion failed in log_clear_unflushed" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1096531
[16:03] <jodh>     - discussions with kernel team re kernel image 'boot hang' (which
[16:03] <jodh>       looks to be a conflation of bug 1096531 and a kernel issue
[16:03] <jodh>       resulting in no console output).
[16:03] <jodh> * misc:
[16:03] <jodh>     - FOSDEM admin.
[16:03] <jodh> üÅ≠
[16:03] <slangasek> hum, "reboot in oem-config" doesn't sound familiar to me
[16:03] <jodh>  
[16:03] <stokachu> bug 1023069 - Havent had a chance to dig into this one but wanted to know UE has come across this in testing
[16:03] <stokachu> bug 1078103 - Some of the partners listed are in this meeting, wanted to get some feedback on what we were doing for providing acroread across arch's and distro's.
[16:03] <stokachu> http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=698329 - working on getting sosreport packaged and included into Debian
[16:03] <ubottu> bug 1023069 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Packages was corrupt" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1023069
[16:03] <ubottu> bug 1078103 in acroread (Ubuntu) "Still no acroread for 64 bit precise" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078103
[16:03] <stokachu> currently working on this merge: https://merges.ubuntu.com/a/aptitude/REPORT
[16:03] <cjwatson> 881885> I approved that modulo conflicts
[16:03] <ubottu> Debian bug 698329 in wnpp "ITP: sos -- This set of tools is designed to provide information to support organizations" [Wishlist,Open]
[16:03] <stokachu> (done)
[16:04] <stgraber> Feature work:
[16:04] <stgraber>  - Upstart (BLUEPRINT: foundations-r-upstart-user-session-enhancements)
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Some more work on the session socket code, now merged upstream.
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Worked a bit on the event bridge to make it work with the session socket and handle pid files properly.
[16:04]  * xnox vaguelly recollects info about it. jodh: it may be related to hostname changes (e.g. reboot to update hostname everywhere)
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Planning the next steps (jobs, packaging, landing).
[16:04] <stgraber>  - Container (BLUEPRINT: servercloud-r-lxc)
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Code reviews.
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Planning 0.9~alpha3.
[16:04] <stgraber>  - Networking (BLUEPRINT: foundations-r-networking)
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Merged isc-dhcp-server and fixed a few bugs in the process (bug 1071928, bug 1088682 and bug 930962)
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Merged resolvconf and fixed a few bugs in the process (bug 1085756 and bug 1085862)
[16:04] <ubottu> bug 1071928 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu Quantal) "isc-dhcp-server-ldap (4.2.4-1ubuntu10.1) is not capable of ldap" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1071928
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Prepared experimental version of isc-dhcp-server with Infiniband support, waiting for test results before pushing to the archive.
[16:04] <ubottu> bug 1088682 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu Quantal) "dhclient does not register hostname to dynamic DNS (AD)" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1088682
[16:04] <stgraber> Other work:
[16:04] <ubottu> bug 930962 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu) "dhcp3-server reports many bad udp checksums to syslog using virtio NIC" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/930962
[16:04] <ubottu> bug 1085756 in resolvconf (Ubuntu) "/etc/ppp/ip-up.d/000resolvconf doesn't check if envvar USEPEERDNS is set" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1085756
[16:04] <stgraber>  - Installer
[16:04] <ubottu> bug 1085862 in resolvconf (Ubuntu) "#DEBHELPER# token is in the wrong place, and other resolvconf postinst nits" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1085862
[16:04] <stgraber>   - SRUed fix for casper bug 984276
[16:04] <ubottu> bug 984276 in casper (Ubuntu Precise) "installing casper on a non live system causes update-initramfs to fail" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/984276
[16:04] <stgraber>  - Other
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Helped debug some qemu/libvirt interactions (bug 1102487)
[16:04] <ubottu> bug 1102487 in libvirt (Ubuntu) "VM won't boot after recent qemu upgrade" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1102487
[16:04] <stgraber>   - Patch pilot on Monday
[16:04] <stgraber> TODO:
[16:04] <stgraber>  - Follow-up on state of the lxc and libseccomp MIRs.
[16:05] <stgraber>  - Try to finish any LXC feature work for this cycle (2 items left).
[16:05] <stgraber>  - Prepare some upstart user session debs with all our patches and the initial Xsession scripts and upstart jobs.
[16:05] <stgraber>  - Start the work on (BLUEPRINT: foundations-r-improving-dist-upgrades).
[16:05] <stgraber> (DONE)
[16:05] <cjwatson> stokachu: 1023069> I think that should have been a new bug rather than dogpiling on an existing one, but regardless: please get the affected user to upload a full installer syslog (they can extract it by going back to the main menu and selecting "save debug logs", or by running 'anna-install openssh-client-udeb' from a shell and using scp)
[16:05] <bdmurray> * blueprints
[16:06] <bdmurray> foundations-r-phased-update: I'm working on parts of this
[16:06] <stokachu> cjwatson: ok would you prefer a new bug ? ill re-expire this one and create a new one with that info
[16:06] <jodh> xnox: yes I recall discussions where we decided it would be safest to reboot, but don't remember getting assigned the workitem :)
[16:06] <cjwatson> stokachu: the business about Packages.gz being 20 bytes (i.e. gzip of an empty file) is likely a red herring since that's probably as intended on a CD
[16:06] <cjwatson> stokachu: nah, might as well continue with this now
[16:06] <cjwatson> stokachu: just for the next time :)
[16:06] <bdmurray> foundations-r-improving-dist-upgrades: no progress
=== ev_ is now known as ev
[16:06] <stokachu> cjwatson: sure thing ill make sure support knows as well not to piggy back off stuff like that
[16:06] <bdmurray> foundations-r-crash-database: I'm working on a team view for errors.ubuntu.com
[16:06] <bdmurray> foundations-r-sru-queue-velocity: no progress
[16:07] <bdmurray> other:
[16:07] <bdmurray> submitted and merged a merge proposal for the subscriber packages view on errors
[16:07] <bdmurray> reported bug 1103156 regarding most_common_problems.js and user parameter
[16:07] <ubottu> bug 1103156 in Errors "not possible to use user parameter on front page of errors" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1103156
[16:07] <cjwatson> stokachu: Yeah, sometimes it makes sense but more often than not it doesn't
[16:07] <bdmurray> posted on blog regarding source package searching on errors.ubuntu.com
[16:07] <bdmurray> discovered that the Launchpad API does not serve ETags with collections thereby making it harder to cache them
[16:07] <slangasek> stokachu: bug #1023069> xnox's reply seems definitive, this should only happen if there's a network problem?
[16:07] <bdmurray> research into update-manager phased updates support in Q
[16:07] <ubottu> bug 1023069 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Packages was corrupt" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1023069
[16:07] <bdmurray> investigation into lsb-release crash - bug 1094218
[16:07] <ubottu> bug 1094218 in lsb (Ubuntu) "lsb_release crashed with IOError in getstatusoutput(): [Errno 10] No child processes" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1094218
[16:07] <bdmurray> investigation into bug 1096022 and upgrade test failing
[16:07] <ubottu> bug 1096022 in update-manager (Ubuntu) ""E:Error, pkgProblemResolver::Resolve generated breaks" during lucid->precise universe upgrade of amd64" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1096022
[16:07] <bdmurray> investigation into wubi bug 1093819
[16:07] <ubottu> bug 1093819 in Wubi "Wubi installed 12.10 amd64 without configuring i386" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1093819
[16:07] <bdmurray> verified P SRU of autofs5 - bug 488696
[16:07] <bdmurray> had a holiday
[16:07] <ubottu> bug 488696 in autofs5 (Ubuntu Precise) "syntax error in nsswitch config near [ syntax error ]" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/488696
[16:07] <bdmurray> uploaded apport fix for bug 1100198
[16:07] <ubottu> bug 1100198 in apport (Ubuntu) "source_linux.py logic fails to detect 3.8.0-0-generic as an Ubuntu kernel" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1100198
[16:07] <bdmurray> ‚ÅÇ done
[16:07] <cjwatson> slangasek: *should* - worth a double-check though if it's affecting a customer
[16:07] <ogra_> done:
[16:07] <ogra_>  * added preseed.cfg support to nexus7 images
[16:07] <ogra_>  * added shell script that makes auto-rotation of the nexus7 work
[16:07] <ogra_>  * fixed various gsettings issues
[16:07] <ogra_>  * updated onboard settings on the nexus7 for new features (proper docking support)
[16:07] <ogra_>  * various discussions about nexus7 work
[16:07] <ogra_>  * started the weekly nexus7 status meeting on fridays again
[16:07] <ogra_>  * hunting down IS to somehow get an arm livefs builder again
[16:07] <ogra_> todo:
[16:08] <ogra_>  * port nx7 images to xz compression (blocked on missing livefs builder)
[16:08] <ogra_>  * discuss livefs builder situation with infinity (carried over from last week, blocked on builder)
[16:08] <ogra_>  * fix plymouth vs console-setup racing somehow (likely needs cjwatson advice) to allow initrd-less booting
[16:08] <ogra_>  * port update-notifier to pkexec to fix onboard vs gksu issues
[16:08] <ogra_>  * add lux script for making the ambient light sensor work on the nexus7
[16:08] <ogra_> ..
[16:08] <doko> * blueprint cross building: should be done (there wasn't much in the blueprint i
[16:08] <doko> tself)
[16:08] <doko> * fixed the armhf and armel cross compilers (still need the armel one, because d
[16:08] <doko> pkg-cross can't handle arm biarch, and getting rid of dpkg-cross would require m
[16:08] <doko> ore work)
[16:08] <cjwatson> likely needs cjwatson staring at a wall for an hour trying to remember ...
[16:08] <doko> * looking at python3 and twisted
[16:08] <doko> * started backporting python3 cross build patches to 2.7.
[16:08] <doko> * updated GCC to the Linaro 2013-01 release.
[16:08] <doko> * updated my notebook to raring, now having the fan constantly running :-(
[16:08] <doko> (done)
[16:09] <ogra_> cjwatson, you mean the console-setup stuff ?
[16:09] <ogra_> heh
[16:09] <xnox> foundations-r-upstart-user-session-enhancements:
[16:09] <xnox> * implement review comments in the lp:~xnox/upstart/user-log-dir
[16:09] <xnox>   Approved and merged now.
[16:09] <xnox> foundations-r-arm-usb-creator-fastboot-support:
[16:09] <xnox> * Started UI and backend implementation. Usb-creator can auto-launch
[16:09] <xnox> upon plugging in a nexus7 device (with a hack), nexus7 devices
[16:09] <slangasek> stokachu: wrt bug #1078103, I thought Adobe was no longer giving us distribution rights in any event
[16:09] <xnox> appear. It doesn't yet successfully flash nexus7. Hoping to have a PPA
[16:09] <ubottu> bug 1078103 in acroread (Ubuntu) "Still no acroread for 64 bit precise" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078103
[16:09] <xnox> spec, setup secure-boot VM (with OVMF) to verify/fix Secure Boot
[16:09] <xnox> support in usb-creator.
[16:09] <xnox> ubiquity:
[16:10] <xnox> * Working on a couple preseeding bugs for QA (nfs & oem-config preseeds)
[16:10] <xnox> TODO:
[16:10] <xnox> * lvm2 merge to continue shipping clvm
[16:10] <xnox> * mdadm merge from experimental to bring in improved isms support.
[16:10] <xnox> ..
[16:10] <cjwatson> ogra_: yeah
[16:10] <barry> short week due to usa holiday.  bug 1100408.  bug 1077087.  bug 1077092.  bug 1102715.  bug 1102621.  reviewed lp:~mitya57/ubuntu/raring/python3-defaults/resync will approve/upload unless doko objects.  uploaded python3-whoosh to ppa for testing as xapian replacement.
[16:10] <ubottu> bug 1100408 in software-center (Ubuntu) "Update Depends for new oneconf packaging" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1100408
[16:10] <barry> foundations-r-python3-oauth: 2 bugs fix committed; all other bugs in progress with branches having mps awaiting review (with a couple waiting for imminent new upstream release).
[16:10] <ubottu> bug 1077087 in Ubuntu Single Sign On Client "Switch from python-oauth to python-oauthlib" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077087
[16:10] <ubottu> bug 1077092 in Ubuntu One storage protocol "Switch from python-oauth to python-oauthlib" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077092
[16:10] <ubottu> bug 1102715 in OneConf "oneconf-query crashed with ImportError in /usr/bin/oneconf-query: No module named oneconf.version" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1102715
[16:10] <ubottu> bug 1102621 in Twisted Buildbot Configuration "xvfb failed to start" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1102621
[16:10] <barry> foundations-r-python-versions: updated blueprint work items.
[16:11] <barry> foundations-r-python33: see above merge proposal for last remaining TODO.
[16:11] <barry> done
[16:11] <xnox> slangasek: https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/acroread/9.5.1-1precise1/+build/3404003 seems to part of the problem.
[16:12] <xnox> stokachu: it failed to build for amd64 in precise, which may be something we should fix or not.
[16:13] <stokachu> xnox: do we have a general consensus on if we are going to continue building acroread?
[16:13] <cjwatson> presumably we need to find out if we have continued permission to redistribute before a consensus from this team means anything
[16:13] <stokachu> do i ask legal about that?
[16:15] <slangasek> ogra_: "Somehow get an arm livefs builder again" - do we not currently have one?
[16:15] <cjwatson> I've lost track of who's responsible for partner agreements; presumably somebody with OEM in their title
[16:16] <ogra_> slangasek, not since four days, nope
[16:16] <slangasek> ogra_: is there an RT for this?
[16:16] <slangasek> ogra_: (please cc: me to it)
[16:16] <ogra_> slangasek, seems there is some kind of machine moving going on in the DC
[16:16] <cjwatson> or actually maybe ISV
[16:16] <ogra_> no, RT, i am constantly in #is though, in conversation with ChrisS
[16:17] <ogra_> he said there would be hope that everything is connected up again later today
[16:18] <slangasek> doko: wrt cross-compilation, the main deliverable that we need here is high-level documentation in wiki.ubuntu.com telling people how to use everything; does that exist already?
[16:18] <cjwatson> slangasek: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CrossBuilding shouldn't be too bad now
[16:19] <doko> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CrossBuilding
[16:19] <slangasek> xnox: mdadm> did you see my bug assignment to you wrt mdadm's degraded mode initramfs handling?
[16:19] <doko> right, maybe I should extend this how to use it with just dpkg-buildpackage
[16:20] <cjwatson> stokachu: My best guess after some trawling through the directory and the wiki would be to try David Duffey
[16:20] <stokachu> cjwatson: ok thanks ill shoot him an email and get some confirmation on that
[16:20] <xnox> slangasek: now, i did.
[16:21] <slangasek> ogra_: please open an RT for this issue (and in general, for issues like this that are taking longer than they should) so that IS knows it's a priority - not just the person you're talking with in #is at the time
[16:21] <ogra_> k
[16:21] <slangasek> stokachu: please cc: me on your mail to dduffey
[16:22] <stokachu> slangasek: rgr that
[16:22] <xnox> slangasek: will include it in the upcomming upload.
[16:22] <slangasek> ta
[16:22] <slangasek>  * short week, US holiday this Monday
[16:22] <slangasek>  * pulled into a number of meetings last week at the client sprint
[16:22] <slangasek>  * ongoing discussions with folks around Kylin
[16:22] <slangasek>  * tried to reproduce bug #1094218 (and failed), though there is strong confirmation it's specific to TeamViewer
[16:22] <ubottu> bug 1094218 in lsb (Ubuntu) "lsb_release crashed with IOError in getstatusoutput(): [Errno 10] No child processes" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1094218
[16:22] <slangasek>  * fielding various mountall, plymouth bug reports; mountall once again is too fast (bug #1103047)
[16:22] <ubottu> bug 1103047 in mountall (Ubuntu) "mountall causes automatic mounting of gluster shares to fail" [Low,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1103047
[16:22] <slangasek>  * head-scratching over bug #1100247
[16:22] <ubottu> bug 1100247 in shim (Ubuntu Raring) "Unable to install Ubuntu on laptop without enabling Legacy mode" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1100247
[16:22] <slangasek>  * double dose of SRU processing last week, as the queue is rather long
[16:22] <slangasek>  * FOSDEM planning
[16:22] <slangasek>  * TODO this week:
[16:22] <slangasek>   * hunt down gnu-efi regression affecting shim
[16:22] <slangasek>   * systemd packaging
[16:22] <slangasek>  * BP status:
[16:22] <slangasek>   * foundations-r-secure-boot: in progress er the above
[16:22] <slangasek>   * foundations-r-improve-cross-compilation: stalled; will look at this next month
[16:22] <slangasek>   * foundations-r-opt-installation: no progress to report; will start on this next month
[16:22] <slangasek> (done)
[16:22] <slangasek> bdmurray: did you have any more luck reproducing bug #1094218 than I did?
[16:22] <slangasek> I'm not seeing anything in teamviewer that explains why this would break
[16:23] <ev> Week of January 17th
[16:23] <ev> - Continued work on the prodstack error tracker deployment.
[16:23] <ev>   - I've now got it deployed and working end-to-end in Amazon EC2, including
[16:23] <ev>     using S3 to store core dumps. \o/
[16:23] <ev>   - Provided set up instructions in the RT and at
[16:23] <ev>     https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/Deployment#Prodstack
[16:23] <ev>   - Started looking into getting the existing Nagios hooks implemented.
[16:23] <bdmurray> slangasek: no, I'm working on reproducing that dist upgrade bug
[16:23] <slangasek> ok
[16:23] <ev> - Finishing up my apport branch to group system-internal error reports with the
[16:23] <ev>   next desktop application error report. Just need to fix a few more failing
[16:23] <ev>   tests (that expect lone system reports to produce a UI) and it will be ready
[16:23] <ev>   for review.
[16:23] <ev> - Meeting with Andy and Stefan to discuss how we can better handle error
[16:23] <ev>   reports from the kernel.
[16:23] <ev>   - They're going to write an in-kernel replacement for kerneloops.
[16:23] <ev>   - We'll create something similar to the failed to suspend mechanism for
[16:23] <ev>     reporting when the system has hard locked, somewhat replacing the
[16:23] <ev>     /var/crash/vmcore approach.
[16:23] <ev> - Started investigating how we can translate Breakpad-generated error reports
[16:23] <ev>   into Apport reports:
[16:23] <ev>   https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/BreakpadApplicationSupport
[16:23] <ev> - Code review.
[16:23] <ev> Blueprints:
[16:23] <ev> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-r-crash-database
[16:23] <ev> - Work with the kernel team now done, with the remaining tasks handed over to them.
[16:23] <ev> - Errors from Debconf dialogs and graphical application hangs still sitting in
[16:23] <ev>   the nearly-done state, waiting for me to find enough time to finish them off.
[16:23] <ev> - Will likely defer the Hadoop-dependent "What's interesting about this
[16:23] <ev>   problem?" task, as IS refuses to touch my Hadoop deployment instructions
[16:24] <ev>   until we get production on prodstack, thus fixing the retracer scaling
[16:24] <ev>   problem.
[16:24] <ev> - Will work on the automatic error reporting mechanism soon, as it's required
[16:24] <ev>   for a number of work items (juju, landscape, etc).
[16:24] <ev> - I'll be completing all the nagios tasks as I implement that piece of the
[16:24] <ev>   prodstack deployment.
[16:24] <ev> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-r-updates-from-crash-reports
[16:24] <ev> - Will hold off on this until the tail-end of the cycle, time permitting.
[16:24] <ev> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-r-fix-ddebs
[16:24] <ev> - Blocked on infinity (?) teaching the librarian to publish ddebs.
[16:24] <ev> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-r-metrics
[16:24] <ev> - Deferred.
[16:24] <ev> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-r-bucketing-improvements
[16:24] <ev> - Plan in place. I need to run this by the security team as there are
[16:24] <ev>   outstanding questions as to how we retain enough privileges to drop to the
[16:24] <ev>   user experiencing the error to run the additional hooks.
[16:24] <ev> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-r-phased-updates
[16:24] <ev> - Brian is mostly handling this.
[16:24] <ev> (done)
[16:24] <cjwatson> Feature progress this week:
[16:24] <cjwatson>  foundations-r-finish-archive-reorg: debmirror patch accepted upstream.  Launchpad patch to add Package-Set fields in progress.  Discussed detailed requirements with security team (earlier this year).  Next step: discuss detailed requirements for Supported field with PES/GSS/etc.
[16:24] <cjwatson>  foundations-r-grub-integration-testing: Got hold of upstream's megatest scripts, which may come in handy here.
[16:24] <cjwatson>  foundations-r-phased-updates: Launchpad database patch deployed.  Launchpad code patch pushed and awaiting review.
[16:24] <cjwatson>  foundations-r-secure-boot: Sufficiently done for 12.04.2.  Next step: look into using -signed preferentially, for 13.04 and 12.04.3.
[16:24] <cjwatson>  foundations-r-upload-intermediary: Still figuring out how to hook in autopkgtest.  This didn't quite make it to the top of my list this week, but I live in hope.
[16:24] <cjwatson> 12.04.2:
[16:24] <cjwatson>  Significant progress on oversizedness.  Should be fine as soon as I figure out why my attempt at language pack removal apparently didn't stick (just asked webops to tweak apt preferences).
[16:24] <cjwatson>  Almost everything else looks good; just sorting out the last few necessary bug-fixes.
[16:25] <cjwatson> Installer:
[16:25] <cjwatson>  Figured out bug 1065281 (I think).  Awaiting confirmation before I finish the backports for 12.04.2.
[16:25] <ubottu> bug 1065281 in partman-efi (Ubuntu Quantal) "Installer crashed when trying to partition 4k/4k sector hard disks" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1065281
[16:25] <cjwatson>  Refactored automatic mode a bit.
[16:25] <cjwatson>  Committed fix for bug 1057485 for 12.04.2.
[16:25] <ubottu> bug 1057485 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity-kde codepage problem in Timezone map (Timezone.py)" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1057485
[16:25] <cjwatson> GRUB:
[16:25] <cjwatson>  Reduced delta against Debian a bit.
[16:25] <cjwatson>  Continued back-burner work on nested function removal.
[16:25] <cjwatson>  Sorted out problems with containers a bit more comprehensively (bug 1060404).
[16:25] <ubottu> bug 1060404 in lxc (Ubuntu Precise) "update-grub runs and fails in containers" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1060404
[16:25] <cjwatson> Archive admin / Launchpad:
[16:25] <cjwatson>  Got fed up with developers having to use debuild -v when stacking multiple SRUs; fixed sru-report to handle this, and filed bug 1102870 for the remaining Launchpad work.  I hope to get the latter fixed next week.
[16:25] <ubottu> bug 1102870 in Launchpad itself "Copies use na√Øve ancestry check to calculate previous version for notifications and bug closures" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1102870
[16:25] <cjwatson>  Trying to narrow down https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2013-January/036374.html.
[16:25] <cjwatson> On holiday tomorrow morning and all of Friday.
[16:25] <cjwatson> ..
[16:26] <slangasek> any more questions over the above?
[16:27] <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: Bugs
[16:28] <slangasek> bdmurray: anything new popping up?
[16:29] <bdmurray> slangasek: bug 1102499 but I see it was assigned already
[16:29] <ubottu> bug 1102499 in mdadm (Ubuntu) "Cannot see 'bootdegraded' question" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1102499
[16:29] <bdmurray> bug 1101326 is that for us or the desktop team?
[16:29] <ubottu> bug 1101326 in consolekit (Ubuntu) "console-kit-daemon appears to consume 2GB of memory" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1101326
=== ev_ is now known as ev
[16:32] <slangasek> bdmurray: we can ask seb128 if he has someone who can look at consolekit; otherwise ours
[16:32] <bdmurray> slangasek: is that we as in me?
[16:34] <bdmurray> I've been reviewing some of our past bugs and bug 1013681 could still use fixing.
[16:34] <ubottu> bug 1013681 in apt (Ubuntu Quantal) "make apt-key net-update secure" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1013681
[16:34] <slangasek> bdmurray: we as in you> yes please :)
[16:34] <bdmurray> cjwatson: you'd mentioned a server side change...
[16:35] <doko> I really hope that the eglibc update still will get into 12.04.2 (can't see infinity online here)
[16:36] <cjwatson> Oh, err, I'd sort of lost track of that one
[16:37] <cjwatson> IIRC it's a static file to be put somewhere?  If somebody provides the file and tells me where to install it ...
[16:38] <cjwatson> Oh, you can't, it's a signed file.  Instructions for doing so, then
[16:38] <cjwatson> Happy to be a substitute webop for this purpose ;)
[16:42] <bdmurray> slangasek: and regarding bug 1094218 did we want to get it assigned?  It is still the #1 error on errors.ubuntu.com. (Oh, the vast majority of the reports are from 12.04)
[16:42] <ubottu> bug 1094218 in lsb (Ubuntu) "lsb_release crashed with IOError in getstatusoutput(): [Errno 10] No child processes" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1094218
[16:43] <slangasek> bdmurray: well, I haven't been able to reproduce it, and it appears to be caused by a third-party deb even if we can't figure out how
[16:43] <slangasek> bdmurray: so it's not at the top of the priority list IMHO
[16:44] <ev> nonsense, all problems should be prioritised based on their rank on errors.ubuntu.com! ;)
[16:44] <slangasek> heh
[16:44] <xnox> despite being caused by a third-party deb, I don't expect lsb_release to ever crash like that.
[16:44] <slangasek> I don't either, and I also can't /get/ it to crash like that
[16:44] <xnox> it should return an error exit code and possibly some output.
[16:45] <slangasek> as cjwatson noted last week, it looks like something has reaped our child for us, which doesn't make sense
[16:47] <stgraber> I've actually introduced a bug like that in python3-lxc once as I had a generic child reaper in the python module, so anything import python3-lxc was getting their child reaped for them and trickering similar errors
[16:48] <slangasek> stgraber: well, teamviewer doesn't install any python code at all so shouldn't be the cause of generic child reapers... if you want to take a look, though, feel free
[16:48] <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else?
[16:48] <bdmurray> bug 869825
[16:48] <ubottu> bug 869825 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "French (Switzerland) is no longer a layout choice in the installer" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/869825
[16:49] <slangasek> wontfix> stgraber lives in Canada now
[16:49] <ev> hahaha
[16:49] <stgraber> that's actually wrong, fr_CH is in there, just not where you'd think it'd be, it's under German (Switzerland) IIRC
[16:49]  * slangasek blinks
[16:50] <bdmurray> right it says that in the description
[16:50] <bdmurray> ' Swiss-french people now have to go to "German (Switzerland)" and then choose Switzerland French layout in the right pane.'
[16:53] <xnox> well, we took keyboard layouts from debian.... sure we can have an ubuntu patch for this.
[16:54] <slangasek> is this straightforward to fix?
[16:54] <stgraber> it's probably straightforward to fix once we find where the bug is and console-setup usually gives me headaches :)
[16:54]  * ogra_ joins the console-setup whining 
[16:55] <xnox> reading wikipedia the only difference between switzerland german/french/italian/romanish/liechtenstein/luxembourg keyboard layout is which accented characters get the preferencial access without dead keys.
[16:55] <ogra_> *whine*
[16:55] <xnox> so i'm pretty sure that any swiss computer user can use any swiss keyboard ;-)
[16:55] <xnox> layout.
[16:56] <stgraber> xnox: yep, the physical layout is identical between fr_CH and de_CH, it's just that you get direct √© and √† with the french layout and √∂ and √º with the german layout
[16:56]  * xnox ponders if we can display same layout in multiple categories....
[16:56] <stgraber> xnox: well, they'll be a bit annoyed having to press shift a lot more often than usual, but yeah, it won't prevent them from installing and changing the layout later
[16:57] <cjwatson> I question whether that's in console-setup
[16:57] <slangasek> so does anyone want to take this bug?
[16:57] <cjwatson> Because most of the keyboard layout/variant categorisation stuff comes more directly from xkb-data
[16:57] <cjwatson> (well, possibly it might involve a console-setup rebuild)
[16:57] <cjwatson> slangasek: I'll take it and hate myself
[16:58] <slangasek> done ;)
[16:58] <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: AOB
[16:58] <slangasek> anything else?
[16:58] <bdmurray> who is the right person to review a software-center merge proposal?
[16:58] <xnox> mterry?!
[16:58] <xnox> or mvo....
[16:59] <xnox> depends which bits of software center.
[16:59] <stgraber> bdmurray: I'd have said mvo but that's probably not true anymore, hold on a sec, I'll find a good fallback :)
[16:59] <barry> probably not mvo ;)
[16:59] <barry> alsina
[16:59] <ogra_> and depends if you can catch mvo online
[16:59] <barry> (i think)
[16:59] <xnox> bdmurray: which merge proposal?
[16:59] <bdmurray> https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/software-center/bug-1095823/+merge/143971
[17:00] <xnox> (e.g. if it's not the black magic core it may be easier )
[17:00] <bdmurray> nope its kind of silly
[17:00] <stgraber> bdmurray: bah, my usual fallback apparently no longer works for Canonical either ;)
[17:01] <ogra_> well, but that change looks rather easy :)
[17:01] <xnox> bdmurray: infinity is in the correct team membership, he  can +1 it, and then tarmac should auto land the patch =)
[17:01] <doko> barry, looks like there some extra changes, but I can't see these being committed to debian
[17:01] <xnox> barry: and you can as well =)))
[17:02] <ogra_> after all you can just trust smagoun and blame him afterwards if it failed
[17:02]  * xnox thinks he got lp permissions wrong.
[17:02] <barry> xnox: true.  i can review it but i don't feel comfortable committing it.  roberto alsina is leading the project now i think
[17:02] <xnox> barry: it's a one line typo fix.
[17:02] <barry> xnox: oh
[17:03] <bdmurray> 2 characters even
[17:03] <ogra_> -OEM_CHANNEL_DESCRIPTOR = "/var/lib/ubuntu-dist-channel"
[17:03] <ogra_> 	+OEM_CHANNEL_DESCRIPTOR = "/var/lib/ubuntu_dist_channel"
[17:03] <xnox> barry: it's OEM priority. we should be landing it and sru'ing it.
[17:03]  * xnox likes the humble "Ubuntu One Control Tower" team name.
[17:05] <barry> xnox, bdmurray approved.  i have to skip out for an errand at lunch (soon as this meeting's over), but ping me and i'll land it when i get back if no one else does
[17:05] <slangasek> #endmeeting
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: Ubuntu Meeting Grounds | Calendar/Scheduled meetings: http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendar | Logs: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs | Meetingology documentation: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[17:05] <meetingology> Meeting ended Wed Jan 23 17:05:21 2013 UTC.
[17:05] <meetingology> Minutes (wiki):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-23-16.01.moin.txt
[17:05] <meetingology> Minutes (html):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-23-16.01.html
[17:05] <slangasek> sold
[17:05] <barry> thanks!
[17:05] <ogra_> thanks !
[17:05] <slangasek> thanks, everyone
[17:05] <stgraber> thanks!
[17:05] <jodh> thanks
[17:06] <bdmurray> barry: thanks
[17:07] <xnox> cheers
[17:07] <ev> thanks!
=== figarocorso is now known as miky_jr
=== jsalisbury_ is now known as jsalisbury
=== toddyhb is now known as toddy
