[01:20] <phillw> Noskcaj: thanks for the reply, a couple of new PPC testers are coming on board and Walter is playing catch up :)
[06:06] <pitti> Good morning
[08:04] <jibel> Good morning
[08:05] <dholbach> good morning
=== yofel_ is now known as yofel
=== zequence_ is now known as zequence
=== _salem is now known as salem_
=== Ursinha_ is now known as Ursinha
[13:40] <jibel> dholbach, out of curiosity, what is this WI about "Add autopkgtest into the packaging-dev metapackage" ? in https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/qa-r-automated-testing-community
[13:42] <jibel> was it adding autopkgtest to the list of recommends, right?
[14:39] <smartboyhw> balloons, phillw if you are here: ping
[14:42] <cr3> oh boy, new version of checkbox on precise today :)
[14:46] <dholbach> jibel, yep
[14:50] <roadmr> cr3: mwhahaa
[14:54] <cr3> roadmr: I'm afraid...
[14:54] <roadmr> cr3: haha, no, don't worry, you know it's hard to sneak easter eggs into sru fixes
[14:56] <smartboyhw> balloons, would you please add me into the trello board page, and also assign the Transmission manual testcase writing to me:)
[14:57] <cr3> roadmr: good point, we have FF for that
[14:57] <roadmr> cr3: yes and you'd have to either run from source or install raring to get those goodies
[14:57] <cr3> roadmr: I still say "we"!
[14:57] <roadmr> cr3: resistance is futile. You will be checkboxed.
[14:58] <cr3> death by checkbox
[15:02] <zyga> cr3: hehe, indeed
[15:02] <zyga> cr3: we finally enrolled checkbox into automatic j-word testing
[15:02] <cr3> zyga: what's j-word testing?
[15:07] <zyga> cr3: j-enkins
[15:09] <cr3> j is for cookie, that's good enough for me
[15:35] <roadmr> jookie?
[15:55] <plars> lool: Hey, around?
[15:56] <lool> Yup
[15:56] <lool> plars: around!
[15:56] <plars> lool: I've been looking at both smem and smem-tabs and had a job set up that was giving me some strangeness
[15:56] <plars> lool: it all worked locally, but not when I tried to run it on a real test - would just get the headers and no data
[15:56] <lool> plars: there are a couple of bugs that I've fixed in a couple of uploads today
[15:56] <lool> I've patched smem-tabs as well earlier today
[15:56] <plars> lool: ok, so does this fix it in raring?
[15:56] <lool> plars: That sounds like the bug I've fixed; smem breaks with latest kernel
[15:57] <lool> Yes, it was broken with the raring 3.8 kernels
[15:57] <lool> and not with older ones
[15:57] <plars> lool: awesome, so the one in your people.c.c account should be good now?
[15:57] <lool> Yes
[15:57] <plars> lool: thanks, I'll give it a try
[16:15] <zyga> plars, lool: hey guys
[16:15] <zyga> how are you doing?
[16:16] <plars> zyga: hey, good
[16:18] <lool> good; how are you?
[16:19] <zyga> yeah, pretty good, thanks
[16:26] <stgraber> jibel: pushed the new version of the release upgrader LXC backend. Now using overlayfs + tmpfs during the upgrade, that makes things much faster ;)
[16:27] <jibel> stgraber, yeah, I saw your commit, that's very good. Thanks!
[16:27] <xnox> stgraber:  WIN!
[16:27] <jibel> psivaa, plars ^
[16:28]  * balloons notes I need to use lxc more
[16:28] <stgraber> jibel: the only catch is that you need to run the dist-upgrader in python3 mode, so you need 12.10 unless you want to do some nasty hacks to get it working on 12.04 (as I just did on my machine here ;))
[16:29] <stgraber> (I installed python3-lxc from precise-backports and manually grabbed ubuntu-release-uprader and update-manager from LP, tweaked the symlinks and run the dist-upgrader with that)
=== salem_ is now known as _salem
=== _salem is now known as salem_
[19:08] <Noskcaj> why is classroom session 2 after session 3?
[19:10] <Noskcaj> gema, pleia2?
[19:12] <gema> Noskcaj: we are still scheduling things
[19:13] <balloons> lol
[19:13] <gema> Noskcaj: I cannot do the session the week before because it is UDW and I Cannot do it over the weekend because I have other commitments
[19:13] <gema> Noskcaj: so if you want it any other day during the week, that time is good for me, move it please
[19:13]  * gema is off for today!
[19:13] <Noskcaj> gema, ok. now we need phill
[19:17] <pleia2> while I have some of you, can someone answer the question I asked a few days ago?
[19:17] <pleia2> Starting with session 3 it says "The QA tools sessions and beyond will require people to have the 'ISO' of what they want to test for raring pre-downloaded." - Do you have a basic link that explains how people would do this so I can add this to the blog post?
[19:17] <pleia2> ^^ that one
[19:18] <pleia2> of course I could go ahead and explain how to go to the iso tracker and download one, but if it's already been written it would be nice if I didn't have to write it myself ;)
[19:19] <pleia2> probably good to add said description/link to that Classroom page too, so people know what it means
[19:20] <balloons> pleia2, I'm not sure of what they intend to do, but Noskcaj  it's your session right?
[19:20] <balloons> It's simple enough,., just need a link to an iso and tell them to dl it in advance
[19:20] <balloons> pick a daily that you know works and use that
[19:21] <balloons> afaik, that's what they mean
[19:21] <Noskcaj> balloons, mine and phill's
[19:21] <balloons> ahh
[19:23] <pleia2> heh, phillw said he'd ask Noskcaj ;)
[19:23] <pleia2> so if someone could give me an answer, that would be good
[19:23] <balloons> Noskcaj, if your cool with that.. pick an iso now, and plan on using it
[19:24] <balloons> then for pleia2, it's a simple line of instruction to include..
[19:24] <Noskcaj> pleia2, it's just a case of giving them a download link (i think ). but phillw had said he wanted people to pick there own
[19:25] <pleia2> Noskcaj: the trouble is that people are new to this, a newcomer may barely know what an ISO is, let alone what the ISO tracker is or how on earth to download a development image
[19:27] <pleia2> so saying on the class page "will require people to have the 'ISO' of what they want to test for raring pre-downloaded" is not a useful thing to say :)
[19:27] <pleia2> need to explain to them what that means, or where to find one they want to try out
[19:28] <Noskcaj> pleia2, get phillw to do that.
[19:28] <pleia2> ok
[19:28] <balloons> obviously you can teach them during the session Noskcaj
[19:29] <pleia2> I really was hoping there was an existing QA link for this ;)
[19:30] <Noskcaj> slightly offtopic, do any of you know why parallels is in testdrive?
[19:31] <balloons> there's a linux client
[19:32] <balloons> Noskcaj, let's settle this and your session now..
[19:34] <Noskcaj> ok?
[19:34] <balloons> ok, so you have a testdrive session..
[19:35] <balloons> do you want them to have already synced an iso?
[19:35] <balloons> if not, you don't need them to do anything in advance
[19:36] <Noskcaj> balloons, i don't need them to have anything but a current iso helps
[19:36] <balloons> ok, so if you want to stay simple, no need for pre-instruction for you then
[19:38] <Noskcaj> balloons, i will link you a paste of my session so you can see for your self.
[19:39] <balloons> well, we want your session published.. and pleia would love to help..so let's help her out :-)
[19:39] <Noskcaj> http://paste.ubuntu.com/1570672/
[19:40] <Noskcaj> for my session the iso is optional, phillw needs one for his. therefore get phill.
[19:40] <balloons> ok, so no instruction fo ryou
[19:40] <balloons> pleia2, your free to publish
[19:41] <balloons> we'll have to nail phillw down
=== e11bits_ is now known as e11bits
[20:27] <balloons> hello chilicuil
[20:27] <balloons> have you been able to play with autopilot much?
=== salem_ is now known as _salem
[21:50] <phillw> pleia2: balloons I'll get on with some ideas tonight and over the weekend.
[22:07] <balloons> phillw, roger that
