[12:33] <goodspud> Morning almost all. I came across an error in the demo where the pie graph wasn't accurately reflecting the health of it's units. Unfortunately I don't seem to be able to replicate but thought I'd draw it to your attention
[12:34] <goodspud> Only once I refreshed the page did it update properly
=== rogpeppe1 is now known as rogpeppe
[13:13] <gary_poster> goodspud, thanks.  If you felt like it, you could file a bug.  We'd mark it "incomplete" for now, which would give us a month or so to see if it repeats and if we get an idea on how to dupe.  After a month with no change the bug would automatically move to "Invalid" (though we could undo that in the future).  Does that sound like an OK way to track the issue?
[13:25] <goodspud> gary_poster: that's fine. I'll have a few more stabs at seeing if I can repeat it so I can get screen shots, but I'll file a bug regardless
[13:25] <gary_poster> cool thanks goodspud
[13:45] <gary_poster> hazmat, I replied to your needs fixing review of https://codereview.appspot.com/7069068/ with a counter, so it's your move next.
[14:07] <goodspud> gary_poster, we'd like to have a quick run through of our "rough" wireframes with you all as part of this afternoon's meeting. Is that OK?
[14:08] <goodspud> Basically an explanation of where we are heading so you can sit back after and take some time to think before giving feedback.
[14:09] <gary_poster> goodspud, how much time would you like?
[14:09] <goodspud> gary_poster, I think we can get through in 15-20 mins
[14:11] <gary_poster> goodspud, ok.  we currently don't have any weekly review discussion cardsso that should probably fit fine.  Normally I'd suggest having a separate call, but in this situation I think it's fine
[14:14] <goodspud> gary_poster, awesome. I'll probably (definitely) want to have a more in-depth discussion with interested parties Monday next week but we want to give you some stuff to look at/think about 
[14:14] <gary_poster> sounds good goodspud 
[14:27] <teknico> gary_poster, I'm working on the "documenting the GUI charm" card
[14:27] <teknico> IIRC, in the meetings you mentioned it only needed revising the README doc
[14:27] <teknico> I did that and revised the HACKING doc too
[14:27] <teknico> however, the card description lists a few more steps, care to comment?
[14:27] <gary_poster> teknico, looking
[14:30] <gary_poster> teknico, right, the card has good stuff too.  Of those three items, the last one seems to be covered in the README information, yeah?  So we need to update the juju docs, and then make the LP link.  Feel free to do that as part of this card, or separate out what you have done into one card, with the other tasks in another card
[14:31] <gary_poster> teknico, doc branch is https://code.launchpad.net/~charmers/juju/docs
[14:31] <gary_poster> (lp:juju/docs)
[14:32] <teknico> gary_poster, changing that branch is the way to update the wiki?
[14:34] <gary_poster> teknico, and I would make "The Juju Web UI" on this page https://juju.ubuntu.com/resources/ link to a new document that had a link to the demo and a link to the charm store, which has deployment information displayed already (http://jujucharms.com/~juju-gui/precise/juju-gui)
[14:34] <gary_poster> teknico, yes, the "wiki" :-)
[14:35] <teknico> gary_poster, ok, will do
[14:35] <gary_poster> teknico, maybe jcastro would want to have an opinion on this?  not sure 
[14:35] <teknico> gary_poster, he seems to be away right now
[14:36] <gary_poster> ok teknico (though I personally never rely on IRC statuses for that :-) )
[14:37] <teknico> gary_poster, uhm, yeah, they're not always reliable
[14:40] <teknico> gary_poster, can you also please clarify "Make LP page links from Juju GUI to deployment instructions."?
[14:42] <gary_poster> teknico, the top of https://launchpad.net/juju-gui should give a link to information about the project which includes deployment.  I'm inclined for that to be the page you make on juju.ubuntu.com, so we only have one page that we have to keep up to date for the "introduction" role
[14:42] <gary_poster> teknico, do you have permission on https://launchpad.net/juju-gui/+edit ?
[14:42] <gary_poster> If so, you would change the "Description"
[14:43] <teknico> gary_poster, I see a form with a "Change" button, so I assume I do
[14:43] <gary_poster> teknico, yup :-)
[14:44] <goodspud> Makyo, came across another situation where the canvas/relation rendering is a bit iffy
[14:44] <goodspud> https://docs.google.com/a/canonical.com/file/d/0B1IM--9A1RkTdzdBbVVxR0owTjQ/edit
[14:44] <goodspud> Similar to bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/juju-gui/+bug/1092208
[14:44] <_mup_> Bug #1092208: Pending relation line is not getting events <juju-gui:Incomplete> < https://launchpad.net/bugs/1092208 >
[14:46] <goodspud> _mup_, cheers. In this case there was no pending relation, in fact I hadn't made any changes to the environment but returned to the tab it was running in and this is what I was presented with
[14:47] <teknico> gary_poster, I updated the card description with my understanding of your explanations
[14:47] <teknico> do you want me to ping jcastro and ask him his opinion on that list?
[14:48] <Makyo> goodspud, thanks.no clue what would've caused that.
[14:50] <goodspud> Makyo, yeah. I hadn't "touched" the environment for about 30 mins but when I went back to the browser tab the Wordpress service was rendered in such a way. I moved the service but the line didn't go with.
[14:50] <Makyo> goodspud, In staging?
[14:50] <goodspud> Makyo, I'm going to guess and say yes.... our "demo" site
[14:51] <goodspud> (is that "staging"?)
[14:51] <Makyo> goodspud, I mean, somewhere where someone else could've touched it?  It looks like more units were added to wordpress and something broke (that would be the scaled service health-graph, but the non-scaled everything else).
[14:52] <goodspud> Makyo, yes, someone else could have been using it
[14:52] <goodspud> Makyo, is this a new bug or have we already recorded it? Happy to raise one if not
[14:52] <Makyo> goodspud, Alright.  Will play around.
[14:53] <Makyo> goodspud, Go ahead and make a new one.  Can always mark a duplicate.
[14:53] <goodspud> Makyo, cool. Will do.
[14:53] <teknico> gary_poster, I'll take that as a "yes", doing it :-)
[14:54] <gary_poster> teknico, oh sorry
[14:54] <bac> gary_poster: i started an investigation of the user/pass card (it is very easy) before noticing the lane is full.  exceed the wip limit or put it on back burner?
[14:54] <gary_poster> yeah, +1 teknico, though I hope it doesn't slow you down
[14:54] <teknico> gary_poster, he just showed up :-)
[14:54] <gary_poster> cool teknico 
[14:55] <gary_poster> bac lemme see
[14:56] <gary_poster> hazmat, your "needs fixing" is blocking bug 1090716, and thus the WIP.  Did you get a chance to consider my reply?
[14:56] <_mup_> Bug #1090716: GUI should hide GUI charm <juju-gui:Triaged> < https://launchpad.net/bugs/1090716 >
[15:02] <gary_poster> bac, back burner
[15:06] <bac> gary_poster: rt.  i'm grabbing one of the test cards from below
[15:06] <gary_poster> thanks bac
[15:28] <gary_poster> bac bcsaller frankban goodspud hazmat Makyo teknico call in 2.  arosales I'll ping when we start the weekly review part of the call, and give you a link in privmsg
[15:30] <gary_poster> bcsaller do you agree that we do not need https://bugs.launchpad.net/juju-gui/+bug/1096270 now?
[15:30] <_mup_> Bug #1096270: propagate delta stream annotation changes as events <juju-gui:Triaged> < https://launchpad.net/bugs/1096270 >
[15:31] <bcsaller> gary_poster: sounds like it went a different direction
[15:38] <bac> gary_poster: lane changes like this may need to be coordinated with lp2kanban.  need to keep an eye out to see if things still transition as expected.
[15:39] <gary_poster> bac ah good point
[16:05] <bac> a-ha, not ok go.
[16:40] <gary_poster> bac, yes, thanks for correction on a-ha :-)
[16:50] <teknico> gary_poster, proposed https://codereview.appspot.com/7103043
[16:50] <teknico> also, edited the LP juju-gui homepage: https://launchpad.net/juju-gui
[16:50] <teknico> how about we make the Resources page link to the LP homepage?
[17:09] <gary_poster> teknico, -1 on Resources page linking to LP homepage: juju.ubuntu.com is a marketing site
[17:10] <gary_poster> LP page is not good marketing, and is not designed to be
[17:12] <teknico> gary_poster, then we need a landing page on the newer/fancier/wordpress-based juju.ubuntu.com site, I guess
[17:12] <gary_poster> Right teknico.  Is that not the juju doc thing?
[17:12] <gary_poster> branch?
[17:13] <teknico> gary_poster, nope, that branch hangs from juju.ubuntu.com/docs now, the rest of the site is new and improved :-)
[17:13] <gary_poster> oh ok teknico 
[17:14] <gary_poster> then I don't know how to add it, but yes, I think we should have a landing page in the "pretty" part of the site
[17:15] <gary_poster> teknico approved
[17:16] <teknico> gary_poster, thanks
[17:16] <gary_poster> welcome, thank you
[17:16] <teknico> gary_poster, jcastro said he could make me editor of the wordpress site, I'll ask him
[17:17] <gary_poster> excellent teknico 
[17:22] <gary_poster> frankban, approved your branch with some changes
[17:23] <gary_poster> teknico, frankban if you review each other's branch then you can maybe land them before your EoD/EoW :-)
[17:24] <teknico> gary_poster, good idea :-)
[17:24] <frankban> cool gary_poster: thank you! teknico, I will review your MP
[18:00] <teknico> have a nice weekend everyone, tty on monday, bye!
[18:00] <gary_poster> you two teknico 
[18:00] <gary_poster> too, even :-P
[18:00] <teknico> :-)
[18:19] <bac> Makyo: your relation line fix works great!
[18:37] <Makyo> \o/
=== gary_poster is now known as gary_poster|away
