=== Amaranthus is now known as Amaranth
=== Tonio_ is now known as Tonio_aw
=== Tonio_aw is now known as Tonio_
=== Tonio_ is now known as Tonio_aw
=== Tonio_aw is now known as Tonio_
=== mmrazik is now known as mmrazik|afk
=== mmrazik|afk is now known as mmrazik
=== mmrazik is now known as mmrazik|afk
=== yofel_ is now known as yofel
=== mmrazik|afk is now known as mmrazik
=== Quintasan_ is now known as Quintasan
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
[16:04]  * slangasek waves
[16:05] <infinity> o/
[16:05] <slangasek> happy new year :)
[16:05] <infinity> Can't prove it!
[16:06] <slangasek> ...
[16:06] <infinity> I mean, happy new year to you too!
[16:06] <infinity> Yes, that one.
[16:06] <cjwatson> which bit of the statement were you disputing?
[16:06] <slangasek> heh
[16:07] <slangasek> anyone else around today?  barry, doko?
[16:07]  * barry waves
[16:08] <infinity> xnox is hiding around here somewhere too.
[16:08] <xnox> howdy =)
[16:08]  * infinity pokes xnox with a stick.
[16:08] <slangasek> #startmeeting
[16:08] <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jan  2 16:08:25 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.
[16:08] <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired
[16:08] <doko> back from skiing ...
[16:08] <infinity> doko: Do you still have legs?
[16:09] <slangasek> not sure we need a lightning round to talk about what we got for Christmas
[16:09] <doko> still somehow working, couldn't resist the powder however ...
[16:10] <slangasek> well, what the heck; we can still do a lightning round to talk about what we're working on this week :)
[16:10] <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: lightning round
[16:11] <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra cjwatson xnox stokachu)
[16:11] <slangasek> stokachu cjwatson doko barry slangasek ev stgraber bdmurray jodh ogra xnox
[16:11]  * xnox win
[16:11] <slangasek> stokachu: around?
[16:12] <slangasek> cjwatson: your turn!
[16:12] <cjwatson> Spent some time over the Christmas break poking at removing nested functions from GRUB, which will no doubt make the security team happy if I manage to land it.  Planning to spend a bit more time pushing that up the hill this week, along with switching our GRUB packaging to GCC 4.7.
[16:12] <cjwatson> Also continuing work on britney/autopkgtest and preparing for the 12.04.2 point release.
[16:12] <cjwatson> (We need to finish off the SB landings ...)
[16:12] <cjwatson> ..
[16:12] <slangasek> indeed we do :/
[16:13] <slangasek> doko:
[16:13] <doko> looked at the cross buildability for buildd chroots, https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CrossBuilding/BuilddChroot
[16:14] <doko> todo for the next week: evaluating ftbfs for the test rebuilds, cross build fixes
[16:14] <doko> ..
[16:14] <infinity> I'll get the eglibc parts of that fixed along with the 2.17 upload.
[16:14] <slangasek> doko: I was going to ask, I notice that dbus says 'requires python-dbus' but there's no comment on why dbus-python doesn't build
[16:14] <doko> circular b-d
[16:14] <slangasek> ok
[16:14]  * xnox fixed e2fsprogs & commented about shadow.
[16:15]  * barry was quasi-blissfully semi-offline for the xmas break.  todo: finish up oneconf, and then the usual.  done.
[16:15] <slangasek> so I accomplished none of the things I had put on my list to work on over break, because instead I've wound up prepping for a surprise trip to China
[16:16] <xnox> \0/ awesome =)
[16:16] <slangasek> which is from 5-9 Jan
[16:16] <doko> cjwatson, should we drop versioned b-d's where the package builds otherwise?
[16:16] <cjwatson> doko: example?
[16:16] <doko> cjwatson, perl
[16:16] <infinity> doko: I really think we need better ways to mangle build-deps in the build process.
[16:17] <barry> slangasek: hopefully for fun!
[16:17] <doko> cjwatson, or eglibc
[16:17] <infinity> doko: Cause versioned build-deps are often correct and sane (especially for people attempting to backport)
[16:17] <cjwatson> yeah, what infinity said, we should fix that in sbuild
[16:17] <slangasek> I'll also be off this Friday as a swap day; and I won't have any of my keys with me (or even my laptop) so don't expect me to be doing any other work those days :)
[16:17] <slangasek> barry: it's work :)
[16:17] <barry> ah well
[16:17] <cjwatson> and I'd like to keep those around as good test cases
[16:17] <doko> cjwatson, hmm, but that won't work for dpkg-buildpackage?
[16:18] <infinity> Yeah, the cross-fu almost needs to be in dpkg-checkbuilddeps.
[16:18] <cjwatson> sbuild and dpkg-checkbuilddeps, yes
[16:18]  * xnox is next, I guess.....
[16:18] <infinity> (Though sbuild also needs to know about it)
[16:18] <slangasek> so other than trying to get everything in order for that trip & associated presentations next week, I still need to get the gnu-efi regression sorted out to follow through on the SB updates
[16:18] <cjwatson> I don't see why we can't do it for both - I just haven't got round to it yet
[16:19] <slangasek> and that's probably about as much as you can expect me to get done this week
[16:19] <slangasek> ..
[16:19] <bdmurray> xnox: I'm next but waiting for a done
[16:19] <cjwatson> seeing as we only really came up with the general mangling idea in Dec
[16:19] <xnox> bdmurray: hello =) sorry, I missread holiday calendar.
[16:19] <bdmurray> I neglected sending an update on the 19th so have some stuff to report from before the break.
[16:20] <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader fix for bug 1071388
[16:20] <bdmurray> uploaded whoopsie to quantal-proposed fixing bug 1084311
[16:20] <bdmurray> uploaded SRU fix for bug 1066347
[16:20] <bdmurray> arsenal merge proposal regarding collect-bug-data and inactive users
[16:20] <ubottu> bug 1071388 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "UnicodeDecodeError in askYesNoQuestion of DistUpgradeViewText.py" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1071388
[16:20] <ubottu> bug 1084311 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Quantal) "modifies .uploaded time every time whoopsie starts" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1084311
[16:20] <ubottu> bug 1066347 in apt-clone (Ubuntu Precise) ""Reinstall Ubuntu" failed - apt-clone crashes with: KeyError: "filename './etc/apt/sources.list' not found" line 1886 in getmember in tarfile.py" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1066347
[16:20] <bdmurray> reported daisy bug 1090583 regarding failure to upload core dump
[16:20] <bdmurray> worked on source package view for errors.ubuntu.com
[16:20] <bdmurray> worked on team view for errors.ubuntu.com
[16:20] <bdmurray> patch piloted
[16:20] <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 936870
[16:20] <ubottu> bug 1090583 in Daisy "unable to submit a touchegg core dump to daisy" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1090583
[16:20] <ubottu> bug 936870 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Precise) "unattended upgrade failing due to incorrectly detected conffile prompt due to "newconffile" line" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/936870
[16:20] <bdmurray> this week I'll be finishing up the source package view and team view at errors.ubuntu.com
[16:20] <bdmurray> ⁂  done ⁂
[16:21] <xnox> * fixed a couple FTBFS (from archive, rebuild, cross).
[16:21] <xnox> * In-progress finding what's causing partman hangs on some systems
[16:21] <xnox> * Upstart - overrides from any directory: implemented, existing tests
[16:21] <xnox>   pass, now fixing memleaks & writing tests for new functionality.
[16:21] <xnox> that's it from christmas break.
[16:21] <xnox> - done -
[16:22] <slangasek> xnox: is there a bug ref for these partman hangs?
[16:23] <xnox> bug 1080701 and others referenced in it
[16:23] <ubottu> bug 1080701 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "After 'Preparing to install Ubuntu' screen, raring installation hangs" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1080701
[16:26] <slangasek> any other questions on the above?
[16:26] <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs
[16:26] <slangasek> bdmurray: anything needing our attention this week?
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: Bugs
[16:26] <doko> xnox, could you update the wiki page about e2fsprogs?
[16:26] <xnox> doko: I did =)
[16:27] <slangasek> hmm, am I still connected? :)
[16:27] <bdmurray> slangasek: no, not this week
[16:28] <slangasek> bdmurray: ok, thanks
[16:28] <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: AOB
=== mmrazik is now known as mmrazik|afk
[16:28] <slangasek> anything else?
[16:28] <infinity> Hinted at it above, but since I don't do the lightning round anymore, should mention it harder: I plan to upload eglibc 2.17 this week.
[16:28] <slangasek> xnox: maybe you should change e2fsprogs from red to green though :)
[16:28] <slangasek> infinity: nice
[16:29] <xnox> slangasek: well. I want to wait for green light from cjwatson's cloud cross-builder.
[16:29] <slangasek> ok
[16:30] <xnox> doko: new shadow, will add ustr & libsemanage to min. chroot.
[16:30] <xnox> which I noted to fix cross-build for.
[16:30] <cjwatson> anyone fancy sitting on the security team's head 'til they make a decision about libsemanage? :)
[16:31] <xnox> cjwatson: they did "fix commit" it.
[16:31] <xnox> on the bug.
[16:31] <cjwatson> ah yes
[16:31] <cjwatson> bug 1077484
[16:31] <ubottu> bug 1077484 in shadow (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libsemanage (shadow's rdep to continue SELinux support in shadow)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077484
[16:31]  * infinity does some promotion dances.
[16:32] <xnox> AOB: new shadow upstream release about to hit raring =)
[16:33] <cjwatson> bdmurray: could you subscribe foundations-bugs to libsemanage?
[16:33] <xnox> and ustr?
[16:33] <cjwatson> bdmurray: and ustr as well
[16:33] <cjwatson> snap :)
[16:34] <xnox> =))))))
[16:34] <bdmurray> cjwatson: will do
[16:35] <slangasek> ok, if there's nothing else, we can all go back to watching the countdown on www.ubuntu.com now
[16:35] <slangasek> #endmeeting
=== meetingology changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: Ubuntu Meeting Grounds | Calendar/Scheduled meetings: http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendar | Logs: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs | Meetingology documentation: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:35] <meetingology> Meeting ended Wed Jan  2 16:35:13 2013 UTC.
[16:35] <meetingology> Minutes (wiki):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-02-16.08.moin.txt
[16:35] <meetingology> Minutes (html):        http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-02-16.08.html
[16:35] <xnox> it's the final countdown....
[16:35] <xnox> (btw the circles are growing bigger)
[16:35] <xnox> thanks.
[16:36] <slangasek> thanks everyone :)
=== plars is now known as plars-vacation
[18:42] <CommieDore> Is jono worried about frivolous lawsuit with the Ubuntu Phone from Companies that we won't name?
[18:42] <popey> CommieDore: you should probably be in #ubuntu-discuss
[18:42] <jono> CommieDore, naa :-)
=== chrisccoulson_ is now known as chrisccoulson
=== medberry is now known as med_
