=== popey_ is now known as popey
=== MacSlow is now known as MacSlow|lunch
[13:09] <sil2100> Trevinho: ping!
=== dandrader is now known as dandrader|afk
=== MacSlow|lunch is now known as MacSlow
=== dandrader|afk is now known as dandrader
[15:46] <mterry> cyphermox, bam, libappindicator builds for both i386 and amd64 in my ppa now
[15:46] <mterry> let me give you branch link
[15:47] <mterry> cyphermox, lp:~mterry/libappindicator/fix-tests
[15:50] <cyphermox> mterry: I'd kiss you :P
[15:51] <mterry> cyphermox, well, several of those fixes were making timeouts longer.  We'll see how armhf does...
[15:51] <cyphermox> yeah :/
=== dandrader is now known as dandrader|afk
[16:53] <mhall119> cwayne: ping
[16:58] <cwayne> mhall119: pong
[17:03] <davmor2> mhall119: nice way to blag cwayne into do some work on something :D
=== dandrader|afk is now known as dandrader
[17:25] <mhall119> :)
[17:26] <mhall119> davmor2: you scared him off
[17:26] <davmor2> it's that work word
[19:25] <didrocks> mterry: hey, around?
[19:25] <cwayne> mhall119: ping
[19:25] <mterry> didrocks, hi
[19:26] <mhall119> cwayne: welcome back
[19:26] <didrocks> mterry: i think you saw that unity didn't migrate to the release pocket
[19:26] <mhall119> cwayne: jvrbanac and I are starting work on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperNetwork
[19:27] <mhall119> which can provide a REST/JSON API for things like Gtk and Qt once it's done
[19:27] <mhall119> if you want to help :)
[19:27] <didrocks> mterry: http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_output.txt seems to show it's because of bamf bin package change
[19:27] <didrocks>     * i386: ginn, gnome-pie
[19:27] <didrocks> ginn and gnome-pie seems to need a rebuild
[19:28] <didrocks> do you have time to rebuild them?
[19:28] <didrocks> for ginn, it needs merging back to trunk (you can autoapprove the rebuild I guess)
[19:31] <mterry> didrocks, OK
[19:31] <didrocks> mterry: do you have the time? I can try doing it between 2, but it would be great to have unity in hands of people today :)
[19:31] <cwayne> mhall119: sure, ill help :)
[19:31] <didrocks> mterry: also, do you have any news on libappindicator?
[19:32] <mterry> didrocks, yeah I think I fixed the amd64 issue this morning, gave cyphermox a branch
[19:33] <didrocks> mterry: \o/
[19:33] <didrocks> cyphermox: oh, FYI, autopilot-gtk lost his libindicate dep
[19:33] <didrocks> cyphermox: I think you saw the MR, maybe we can daily release it now?
[19:34] <didrocks> mterry: so yeah, for ginn, feel free to autoapprove it. I hope that a rebuild will suffice :)
[19:34] <cyphermox> yeah, it should be good now
[19:34] <cyphermox> didrocks: fwiw, same kind of thing for autopilot-qt, they removed the qt5 dep
[19:35] <didrocks> cyphermox: sweet! 2 more soon then? \o/
[19:35] <cyphermox> yup
[19:35] <didrocks> I just overflight over the autopilot-qt one
[19:35] <didrocks> I'll blame that on jetlag :p
[19:35] <cyphermox> let me ship you the MP for indicator-sesion so we can get that out of the way
[19:36] <didrocks> cyphermox: with the autopkgtest, rocking! :)
[19:36] <mterry> didrocks, catching up on this unity thing...
[19:36] <cyphermox> didrocks: wait wait, not sure it actuall yworks right now the autopkgtest
[19:36] <didrocks> mterry: thx ;)
[19:37] <cyphermox> I'm having some wifi issues so it will be hard to test for now
[19:37] <didrocks> cyphermox: can wait for tomorrow :)
[19:37] <didrocks> we are not in a day-range for indicator-session, but good to see progresses
[19:37] <cyphermox> it would still be nice to close it up
[19:37] <mterry> didrocks, I'm a touch confused.  What sort of error is keeping unity from migrating?  How does one get notified?  I can't make sense of this proposed-migration report
[19:38] <didrocks> mterry: ahah, same for me, seb128 helped me :)
[19:38] <didrocks> mterry: so the story is that we have libbamf3-0 -> libbamf3-1
[19:38] <didrocks> I promoted it to main on Friday
[19:38] <didrocks> but then libbamf3-0 is NBS
[19:38] <mterry> sure
[19:38] <didrocks> and the migration don't accept creating new NBS
[19:38] <mterry> woah
[19:38] <didrocks> so remaining rdepends on libbamf3-0 are shown in this line:
[19:38] <seb128> transitions need to be complete ... that sucks a bit
[19:39] <mterry> We have to solve all NBS issues for a library before it gets upgraded?
[19:39] <didrocks> * i386: ginn, gnome-pie
[19:39] <mterry> that's intense
[19:39] <didrocks> mterry: yep
[19:39] <didrocks> so, meaning that the debian way of having soname in bin package is useless now
[19:39] <didrocks> we are like fedora, everything on the same version of a library
[19:40] <seb128> yes, I tried to argue with cjwatson about that, but they fell like that's a good "feature", reduce the archive churns and the +1 team work
[19:40] <mterry> didrocks, that section of the report does not look like it has much to do with the bamf transition
[19:41] <seb128> mterry, how so?
[19:41] <seb128> mterry, it's listed in the "Trying easy from autohinter: nux/4.0.0daily13.01.11-0ubuntu1 unity/6.12.0daily13.01.11.2-0ubuntu1 bamf/0.4.0daily13.01.11-0ubuntu1 " section
[19:42] <mterry> seb128, yeah, but no indication that it's because of an NBS from libbamf3-0 to -1
[19:42] <mterry> seb128, just lists two package names
[19:42] <jibel> didrocks, hey, auto upload of unity broke this morning because utah failed to provision the systems to run autopilot
[19:42] <seb128> right, that report is hard to read
[19:42] <didrocks> jibel: yeah, I saw that you made some retrial, thanks!
[19:42] <jibel> didrocks, I restarted the test late afternoon
[19:42] <didrocks> jibel: I've mentionned it to gema
[19:42] <seb128> mterry, not sure I follow you, do you just point that the report is hard to read, or are you unsure we need to rebuild those?
[19:42] <didrocks> jibel: it's now copied over the archive
[19:43] <mterry> seb128: just that the report is hard to read
[19:43] <jibel> didrocks, ok, cool.
[19:43] <seb128> mterry, yeah, I agree with that :-(
[19:43] <didrocks> mterry: yeah, that's why we need to know the context of the change upstream :(
[19:43] <mterry> didrocks, regardless, sure, I can do rebuilds for those two
[19:44] <didrocks> mterry: perfect :) don't forget the approved MP on ginn so that it doesn't show tomorrow that the version is higher in the distro :)
[19:46] <mterry> didrocks...  where is this approved MP?  I can't see anything in https://code.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ginn/+branches
[19:46] <mterry> Is there some branch upstream that I need?
[19:46] <didrocks> mterry: oh, I meant, you need to propose one
[19:46] <didrocks> after the rebuild upload :)
[19:46]  * mterry is having a fuzzy-brain day
[19:46] <didrocks> against lp:ginn
[19:47] <didrocks> mterry: rather me having fuzzy-explanation, sorry :)
[19:47] <didrocks> but you know, it's late in europe, hem hem :p
[19:47] <mterry> didrocks, ah-oh.  this is an ubuntu-is-upstream package
[19:49] <mterry> didrocks, hm.  ginn isn't an inline package.  Do you know what team owns this?
[19:52] <didrocks> oh, are you sure it's not part of the touch stack?
[19:52]  * didrocks checks
[19:53] <didrocks> mterry: oh sorry, brainfuck, it's not in the touch stack anymore
[19:53] <didrocks> so yeah, just a straight ubuntu-rebuild :)
[19:53] <mterry> didrocks, is it orphaned upstream then?
[19:53] <didrocks> mterry: right
[19:54] <didrocks> we used to be upstream for it
[19:54] <didrocks> but not touching it anymore
[19:54] <mterry> didrocks, should we remove it from the archive?
[19:54] <didrocks> mterry: TBH, I would be in favor, but maybe check with bregma
[19:54] <didrocks> not sure if it's even working anymore
[19:54] <mterry> bregma, ^ is ginn a useful thing to have in the archive anymore?  We apparently don't work on it anymore?
[19:55] <bregma> it is sotr of moribund
[19:57] <bregma> it needs some lovin' but it's just a touch client, not part of the stack
[19:58] <mterry> bregma, do you recommend we keep it in the archive?
[19:58] <bregma> I'd rather keep it in the archive, it should be in universe though
[19:59] <mterry> bregma, it is
[19:59] <mterry> didrocks, how does one notice that there is a proposed-migration issue?  Just check daily to see if it migrated yet?
[20:00] <bregma> OK, then ginn should just limp along until I or someone else gets an itch to improve it
[20:00] <didrocks> mterry: yeah, I looked at the unity package and saw that it was in proposed
[20:01] <bregma> it's not broken, it's just hasn't realized its full value at the moment
[20:01] <didrocks> mterry: not the release pocket
[20:01] <mterry> bregma, OK
[20:01] <mterry> didrocks, :-/  OK.  Maybe I'll spend a couple minutes trying to get a script to poll a set of packages for pocket status
[20:10] <didrocks> mterry: yeah, that can be handy
=== miso_ is now known as mhr3
=== _salem` is now known as _salem
[22:45] <didrocks> mterry: thanks :)
[22:47] <mterry> didrocks, http://paste.ubuntu.com/1532756/
[22:47] <mterry> didrocks, that has a script for telling if something is stuck in proposed
[22:47] <mterry> pass it source or binary package names and it will let you know
[22:48] <didrocks> mterry: This looks good. I'm wondering at some point if we don't need in fact some kind of dashboard for monitoring stacks and this kind of things, wdyt?
[22:48] <mterry> didrocks, probably yeah
[22:48] <didrocks> mterry: I'll add a note I guess :)
[22:48] <mterry> didrocks, all sorts of things can go wrong, and it'd be nice to have one place to see them all
[22:49] <didrocks> agreed
