[07:24] <coolbhavi> ajmitch, ping
[07:34] <ajmitch> coolbhavi: hi
[07:35] <coolbhavi> ajmitch, should we go ahead with a small informal status update meet here?
[07:36] <ajmitch> if you wish, though there won't be much to talk about :)
[07:36] <coolbhavi> because I hadnt had the time to update agenda
[07:36] <ajmitch> I haven't seen any response on-list about meeting today
[07:36] <coolbhavi> yes so
[07:36] <coolbhavi> I had only one update
[07:37] <coolbhavi> lintian with arb profile is in place now
[07:37] <ajmitch> yep, I saw that
[07:37] <coolbhavi> and i have updated the spec on the same
[07:37] <ajmitch> I'll try & use that to do a pass over everything in the queue & put the results up
[07:38] <coolbhavi> sure :) feedback is welcome :-)
[07:39] <ajmitch> I just haven't spent much time working on the queue or tools to manage it like I promised
[07:40] <coolbhavi> no issues ajmitch
[07:40] <ajmitch> since my plan was something to track votes a bit better, and run lintian, licensecheck & build binary packages to test
[07:41] <coolbhavi> hmm same here so I reported a bug too on the voting system
[07:41] <coolbhavi> in myapps
[07:41] <ajmitch> yeah I saw that
[07:42] <coolbhavi> reg the call for arb members
[07:42] <ajmitch> you can set up a poll & get ~ubuntu-dev to vote on it?
[07:42] <ajmitch> what we did last time was list the names, and include 'none of the above' as an option
[07:43] <coolbhavi> good thing is highvoltage is willing to step in again and forwarded the application
[07:43] <coolbhavi> reg ben I dint hear from him though
[07:43] <coolbhavi> so that makes it only one person
[07:44] <coolbhavi> and yes I'll get in touch with techboard
[07:44] <ajmitch> I was hoping ben would be willing, since he nominated himself
[07:45] <ajmitch> he has a lot of experience
[07:48] <coolbhavi> yes I know but I reached out to him a couple of times with the process and received no response
[07:49] <ajmitch> hm
[07:51] <coolbhavi> So as said earlier I was thinking of another call in april and try to reach to him and get wendar in
[07:51] <coolbhavi> hopefully
[07:52] <coolbhavi> so that arb would be in near full strength again
[07:53] <ajmitch> sounds good, and those that arent in the arb can still do everything but vote
[07:58] <coolbhavi> yes I was thinking to send a mail to app-review-contributors for something like app review week this cycle
[07:58] <ajmitch> sounds like a good idea
[07:58] <coolbhavi> and help on reviewing the apps
[07:58] <coolbhavi> sure then I'll do it soon
[08:00] <coolbhavi> the last update I had is wendar has expressed interest to write a mail to app developers that the review process takes bit of time
[08:00] <coolbhavi> she said she is willing to come up with a draft soon
[08:02] <ajmitch> 'a bit of time' is an understatement, sadly :)
[08:03] <ajmitch> I hope that developers are willing to be patient, and I hope that the sandboxing doesn't take too long to implement
[08:03] <coolbhavi> yes hope so :-)
[08:03] <coolbhavi> thats it from my side
[08:03]  * ajmitch doesn't really have anything to add
[08:05] <coolbhavi> no issues ajmitch thanks a lot for the quick chat :-) I'm sure when you return you will rock!
[08:06] <ajmitch> we'll just let highvoltage sort out the rest of the queue :)
[08:09] <coolbhavi> haha seems a great idea :) I'll also devote some more time to the ARB :)
[16:48] <highvoltage> ajmitch: what does the queue look like these days, btw?
[16:50] <coolbhavi> highvoltage, growth has subdued a bit
[16:50] <coolbhavi> now
[16:56] <cwayne> hiya coolbhavi
[16:56] <coolbhavi> hey cwayne
[16:57] <coolbhavi> hey cielak :)
[16:58] <cielak> hello coolbhavi! :)
[17:00] <highvoltage> oh hello everyone. didn't expect there to be so much traffic here on a sunday morning :)
[17:01] <coolbhavi> hey highvoltage :)
[17:01] <coolbhavi> how is it going?
[17:08] <highvoltage> I'm doing ok thanks and you?
[17:09] <coolbhavi> doing fine done with lintian checks for arb
[17:09] <coolbhavi> reading on apparmor
[17:10] <coolbhavi> now
[17:12] <wendar> coolbhavi,ajmitch: actually, what I was suggesting was a queue flush on everything before quantal
[17:13] <coolbhavi> wendar, yes
[17:13] <wendar> coolbhavi,ajmitch: we've done those before, with a polite message that we only review for the *current* release, and they're welcome to resumbit for quantal after they've tested on quantal
[17:14] <wendar> basically, reject all the old submissions
[17:15] <coolbhavi> wendar, seems good till atleast we have our tooling in place
[17:16] <coolbhavi> I can do that but the only thing is I am thinking about the feelings of the developers
[17:27] <coolbhavi> wendar, would it be ok if I bring up a small draft as a reply to your mail on the list?
[17:27] <coolbhavi> as you gave the idea I'm asking you
[17:32] <wendar> coolbhavi: don't mind at all :)
[17:33] <coolbhavi> wendar, drafting a mail now then :-)
[17:40] <coolbhavi> wendar, current release = stable release?
[17:40] <wendar> yes, current stable release
[17:40] <wendar> (instead of current development release)
[17:41] <coolbhavi> ok thanks
[17:45] <coolbhavi> sent mail wendar
[19:15] <ajmitch> wendar: occasionally there are developers wanting to target the LTS, or are you just going by submission date?
[19:16] <wendar> ajmitch: there are some developers targeting the LTS, one even specifically said they will only support the LTS
[19:16] <wendar> ajmitch: but ARB policy isn't current release + current LTS
[19:16] <wendar> ajmitch: it's only current release
[19:16] <wendar> I'm kind of divided on that
[19:17] <ajmitch> which should probably change, at least for the next LTS
[19:17] <ajmitch> I still run precise on my laptop :)
[19:17] <wendar> and it was my greatest hesitation is suggesting the queue sweep
[19:17] <ajmitch> yes, I hate telling people that they need to resubmit because of something we didn't do
[19:17] <wendar> and, if we had more resources to review packages, I'd go for changing the policy for the current LTS
[19:17] <wendar> but, since we are so limited in resources
[19:18] <wendar> and, there's really no way we'll get through all the old package
[19:18] <wendar> s
[19:18] <wendar> staying true to the actual policy is a good way to focus work efforts
[19:18] <ajmitch> yeah
[19:18] <wendar> we can't dig ourselves out
[19:19] <wendar> but, maybe we can wipe the slate clean
[19:19] <ajmitch> perhaps
[19:19] <wendar> looking at what has been submitted since the quantal release, I think we could catch up on that
[19:19]  * ajmitch has to head off to work now, mondays...
[19:19] <wendar> yah
[19:19] <wendar> it's for you all (ARB members) to decide
